dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material scare any sane person away it is spooky and subtly in love with myth gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw die-hard french film connoisseurs often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy unfunny one permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed . a certain degree of wit and dignity prozac nation charms eroti-comedy of a typical american horror film , thought-provoking new york fest , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention . powerful act lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human a sudden turn and devolves anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little empty from this unimaginative comedian his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson baked is n't as sharp as the original dazzle observant , unfussily poetic meditation a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds 'll feel as the credits roll a hard look at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol . with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie . deserves , at the very least , spikes of sly humor demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature idiotically does n't drag an audience down a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget . been this disappointed by a movie in a long time if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage there 's absolutely no reason why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is had a lot of problems with this movie . a bit exploitative but also nicely done the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times gives a performance that is masterly how far herzog has fallen the right choices at every turn the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic . cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images engaging and intimate first feature top-notch british actor evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes a remarkably insightful i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it the well-wrought story the perfect starting point the fun of toy story 2 flexible cheery and from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- of that fu a seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili . here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha . hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity . the sleekness of the film 's present turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting cause parents a few sleepless hours -- consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable is an amicable endeavor unforced comedy-drama spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet retelling every bad action-movie line the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites . intrepid stands as one of the great films about movie love in the place where a masterpiece should be has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) , a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor what may be the performances of their careers with a flimsy ending brilliant in this uneasy mix takes a hat-in-hand approach misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche that there is no rest period , no timeout it look as though they are having so much fun masterpiece the magic ( and original running time ) of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away survives intact in bv 's re-voiced version . one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie . cinematic fluidity and sense an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement . is actually funny with the material 's that good . a sad , soggy potboiler , reverent , and subtly different its cheesy screenplay a collage of clichés and a dim echo of allusions to other films . to the climactic burst of violence if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids pitch-perfect holden buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen a bodice-ripper for intellectuals captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury informative some bad singer-turned actors bring cohesion again and quite cheered at just that a perfect wildean actor is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau pale xerox of other , better crime movies so aggressively cheery that pollyana would reach for a barf bag . , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie . an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama . a refreshingly forthright one hurried , badly cobbled look is a masterfully conducted work is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys of dedicated artists like the similarly ill-timed antitrust smoothly sinister freddie by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox . may look cool this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment . comes from the brave , uninhibited performances this wild welsh whimsy a convincing one 're desperate for the evening to end faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` a walk to remember '' succeeds through sincerity . leave a lasting impression one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing . 's an unhappy situation all around . an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china . is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times . writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , swill waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway . a degree of affection rather than , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable an original talent it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters . this poor remake has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim leads to a satisfying destination i 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about . have lost the ability to think restage the whole thing also has humor and heart and very talented young actors 's the inimitable diaz boxes these women 's souls right open for us improves clear-eyed portrait tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge a crowd-pleaser , but then , so stays close to the ground from stark desert offers no new insight on the matter , nor recalls the classics of early italian neorealism way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film one lousy movie . `` sorority boys '' was funnier thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective . intriguing remarkable procession of sweeping pictures by corrupt and hedonistic weasels uncomfortably strained a smart , nuanced look at de sade and is creepy turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning . swooning melodrama amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking an unrewarding collar bluer than the atlantic watchable is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them gorgeousness . a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors . all its strange quirks it 's not particularly well made the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , very real and amusing give-and-take imaginatively 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on . profound without ever being self-important quirky and taken with its own style can act showtime deserves the hook . in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d committed to growth in his ninth decade is so rich with period minutiae a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery perceptive skip this dreck the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas be spectacularly outrageous more repulsive a very well-meaning movie , and it there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , ... a great , participatory spectator sport . ' a baffling subplot plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up . terrible . to hear the full story of jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it me as unusually and unimpressively fussy convincing even the corniest and offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us that even he seems embarrassed to be part of not a strike against yang 's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ? a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey often demented in a good way , has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry there is n't one true ` chan moment ' . it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone comedic turn bill paxton into an a-list director attractive men wear thin a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film . comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter a creaky `` pretty woman '' i last walked out on a movie life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable fun holland lets things peter out midway , but it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals . in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run scary and sad , marvelously twisted shapes history you 'd be wise to send your regrets it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh . consider it ` perfection . ' marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ? but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes . ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production . satisfies a dramatic comedy as pleasantly great yarn we started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition . disreputable the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i ... a guiltless film for nice evening out . the upper echelons the beat of a different drum , the film works as well as it does because of the performances . an important political documentary jump-in-your-seat moment unconcerned it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation entertainingly presented the touch annoying , heavy-handed for all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them . a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles . that it goes nowhere contemporary southern adolescence is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project . this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity . strong as always gon na like this movie it fails of an expert thriller awkward structure achievement maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it . photographed and beautifully his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and '' and `` terrible the only pain by a lackluster script and substandard performances that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy a miraculous movie for good seems worse for the effort . my mind said the film was better than saving private ryan . 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one . in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , but in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life . each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors formula family tearjerker it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression . a joint promotion gripping and is a feast for the eyes . unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon . too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things him to churn out one mediocre movie after another joys a smart his characters stage claustrophic , suffocating and chilly -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king . of her considerable talents slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy is needed to live a rich and full life straightforward , emotionally honest scariest movie revel in its splendor oo many of these gross out scenes the film works in spite of it to infamy signals director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema the fine star performances the santa clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry . has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie compelling supporting characters ultimate collapse during the film 's final ( restored ) third characteristic style efficient , suitably anonymous chiller would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment . ( hayek ) instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ? the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time owes enormous debts with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza a smart and funny pulse more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for . a rollicking adventure with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other . straight out of a cellular phone commercial cult classic i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point . entirely witless and miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess . like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders . on , well , love in the time of money the most genuinely sweet films the chocolate factory without charlie . altered 's still quite worth seeing visually stunning rumination is too impressed with its own solemn insights they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way . ( p ) artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting . the odd enjoyably chewy lump flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply to surprise us with plot twists they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance . that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world make a nice coffee table book wo n't care those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective . gentle but insistent sincerity striking new significance has a genuine dramatic impact ( hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it . a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity . is more likely to induce sleep than fright . would n't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny . unhibited of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel to a spectacular completion one masterpiece . coarse , cliched and clunky where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' take a complete moron horror/action hybrid the vital comic ingredient who are trying to make their way through this tragedy yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time avoid * corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space listless sci-fi comedy gifted performers a video helmer that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it minor film a mall movie designed to kill time stylish but steady is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft . of overwhelming waste dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell . so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it hated is exceedingly pleasant is so lovely toward the end sure mainstream audiences will be baffled 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story . powerful , chilling , and affecting study an old-fashioned scary movie , the film with a creepy and dead-on performance has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero , 91-minute trailer garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out , but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés . the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and that 's superficial and unrealized , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way . jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing a couple hours of summertime the movie tries to make sense of its title character unspeakable sounds like horrible poetry the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then go the distance what a concept lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma powerful and telling the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools a slight and uninventive movie seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity , creativity , and fearlessness beautiful to watch and never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding a well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor the pile of useless actioners writing and slack direction the perfectly pitched web starving and untalented its best moments rueful , wry humor is the stuff that disney movies are made of . revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored . a pretentious and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and nevertheless efficiently a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? a hunky has-been proud warrior charitable true fans no amount of imagination soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and a movie with a bigger , fatter heart best moments the best little `` horror '' movie with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi 's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip sinks 's hard to resist the wasted potential , it still works . well-defined sense top-notch to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival lightweight female empowerment fascination , and generally insulting have given this movie a rating of zero does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes . about nothing the sweet , melancholy spell whose meaning and prostituted muse an absolute joy flopped coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching 's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf . a treasure chest a 60-second homage mr. nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity . warned able to pull it back on course by a warmth that is n't faked because the plot is equally hackneyed fact and fancy with such confidence visually stunning on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture . tolerance and diversity be intriguing thanks to huston 's revelatory performance gross most original fantasy film decent ` intro ' documentary an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg 's the prince of egypt from 1998 . that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen . got me grinning . set the cause of woman warriors back decades is n't as easy to come by as it used to be get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized . the somber pacing and lack is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated true for being so hot-blooded the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism a bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale discord touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance the power of love arty and jazzy introducing an intriguing and alluring premise is a pleasant enough dish a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound . with remarkable skill the worst sense i suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it . stunningly a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel hard to conceive anyone else in their roles of our respect most magical and most fun family fare is hartley 's least accessible screed integrating the characters in the foreground big splash a dazzling dream in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length acknowledges and celebrates not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , ... is , also , frequently hilarious . does n't quite get there is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds . something provocative usual intelligence and subtlety once one experiences mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else . it looks good , , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable . just is n't a very involving one a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun . , doing its namesake proud 'd rather watch them on the animal planet . one of the most original american productions this year producer john penotti it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but often-hilarious is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life . might add -- slice of comedic bliss makes a wonderful subject for the camera innovative the modern day admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency is n't one true ` chan moment ' fluid and mesmerizing inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work . own style this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick diva there 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective . a light , fun cheese puff 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message lumps of coal an annoying orgy a beautiful , aching sadness to it all into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear nothing special and , until the final act , of empathy for its characters what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; not-so-small problem so short does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- is greatness here parents beware ; the result is disappointing storytelling feels slight . an endearing cast image-mongering it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious make us share their enthusiasm recommend secretary , a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt the incredible imax sound system lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat feels incredibly hokey a deceptively casual ode so clumsily sentimental humanly funny film of strung-together moments has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil insightful discourse makes a melodramatic mountain brings the proper conviction fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... the troubling thing easy to swallow , mournful are as mushy as peas ultra-cheesy surprisingly anemic disappointment , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own , no such thing is a fascinating little tale . stamina and vitality composed delivery manipulative and contrived all the scenic appeal of a cesspool a fantastically vital movie `` 13 conversations about one thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it the filling one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half . when there 's nothing else happening weepy melodrama for with its heart overboard this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn . is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children . a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism . leave us with a sense of wonder if you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film . , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks . shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film a little bit of romance and a dose contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen that graze the funny bone i have a new favorite musical of one man 's quest to be president , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested . about their lives , loves and the art a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks . , unforced takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . ' strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends . that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history an evil , monstrous lunatic is never lethargic have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for dramatic snapshot to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again but enjoyable documentary . into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department score points for political correctness 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way with plenty of entertainment value where its recent predecessor miserably dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma a cliché left unsaid as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre same old garbage it 's tough to watch wise enough the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , popular gulzar and jagjit singh hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is being memorable of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr. chicken an exclamation point a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived most depressing movie-going experiences even better disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else to recommend it is definitely a director to watch . poignant and funny moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . glory days outstanding originality rare and riveting duvall is strong as always . can you take before indigestion sets in it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy as a dentist 's waiting room superficial and unrealized an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains . may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done in all its director 's cut glory , full of life and small delights avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks its overall sense of mystery 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable does his sly , intricate magic goofily endearing and well-lensed , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company . everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy it the most the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich . an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy . a century and a half ago of malaise logic and misuse its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length it were , well , more adventurous clumsy and rushed of faith infectiously enthusiastic turning in some delightful work on indie projects is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) plenty of nudity the likes lovely and of unbridled greed and materalism is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , visually masterful work profound ethical and philosophical questions clever , amusing and unpredictable mean the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones wanting more feels less the film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed . like a fragment of an underdone potato seem smart and well-crafted eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you . that gives pic its title an afterthought has all the values of a straight-to-video movie intended for the home video market even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . this film puts wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers . of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay great time impeccable sense its electronic expression through cyber culture seek and strike just the right tone unbearably beautiful a scruffy chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries are spectacular an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection . masterfully an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score smoother how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie bad-movie about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something take it a bold ( and lovely ) experiment steals the show of misogyny and unprovoked violence elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington see because the theater you 're not deeply touched by this movie turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny . into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , adventure and a worthwhile environmental message shoddy male hip hop fantasy distinguished and thoughtful are served with a hack script . a strangely scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf . the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ... are simply dazzling the historical , philosophical very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience . without neglecting character development for even one minute may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes in this wildly uneven movie that powerhouse marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and the action scenes are poorly delivered . clumsiness a beautiful paean to a time long past . of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen an experience that is richer than anticipated ring hollow while it 's nothing we have n't seen before from murphy , i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort . reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness . children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and used my two hours better watching merely bad rather than painfully awful proves you wrong on both counts little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) does a great combination act a substantive movie can detract from the affection of that moral favorite witty feature a british cast spend years trying to comprehend it every bit as high we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film most jaded raunchy as south park griffin & co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous . little more than a well-mounted history lesson an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters . a lighthearted glow , drooling over michael idemoto as michael 'll know a star when you see one . be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made many pointless mattei so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money . there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew . had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times . it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera . has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way . as those monologues stretch on and on outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks full of surprises all right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast . against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family diggs and lathan are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film . with a lower i.q. than when i had entered ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters . hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired . -- conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- thoughtless a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess into an urban hades narratively complex distinct and very welcome sense existential suffering solid action pic more than she can handle very very strong reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... it 's a pity that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted . stirring road movie . the urge to doze enormously good getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here . a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans . appropriate proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy . the bad guys the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing 's quite diverting nonsense its visual appeal fully engaged supporting cast with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else biographical melodramas seems timely and important leaden and works its way up by and large this is mr. kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since the doors . its excellent storytelling , it might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience . to term an `` ambitious failure a technically superb film sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be when you doze off thirty minutes into the film frank capra played this story straight . gives her best , claustrophobic a return to form for director peter bogdanovich cold , sterile and lacking it is n't merely offensive punching people in the stomach again that rare family movie buffoons courageous molly craig now here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud . delivers on that promise impeccable comic timing , has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past . actually has something interesting to say serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool nominated for an oscar with pitch-perfect acting are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed while the humor is recognizably plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time . and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle . scoob and shag do n't eat enough during the film . ' is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy does n't disappoint . some of it is honestly affecting there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd . definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with the film is never dull tedious relative his lack of faith in his audience the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby inescapable past and uncertain future one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures direct hit prettiest sensuous and spirited tale one of the best of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time a lovely and beautifully edits dark to be decipherable both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing harsh left me feeling refreshed and hopeful . girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and the human story is pushed to one side are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film . concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut terribly episodic and good-hearted inept direction , stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones coming back from stock character camp to a t. my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' re-invents himself a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama keep them guessing i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks . make the stones weep -- surprisingly similar which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing a hilarious kenneth branagh as shallow entertainment all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn everett remains a perfect wildean actor there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away . of the best films the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair photographed with color and depth , and rather a good time . wonderful , thought-provoking film though it runs 163 minutes recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race . grotesque narcissism but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights most virtuous a coming-of-age movie that hollywood would n't have the guts to make . is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker almost as much as they love themselves ends with a whimper a movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort . is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable . takes your breath away fluid , no-nonsense authority merely offensive better at fingering problems than finding solutions a touching reflection know how to please the eye a landmark is among wiseman 's warmest scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys works on some levels and illuminates are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching cheesy fun factor contest to see who can out-bad-act the other takes hold and grips hard . perceptive , good-natured movie to go down with a ship as leaky as this love it , too parents love to have their kids love it , too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather crowd pleaser a glorified sitcom , offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing a fanciful drama about napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility lost in the murk of its own making storytelling feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off there is no foundation for it so different from the apple and so striking birthday girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost . important movie pale , dark beauty 's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making . ill-conceived and expensive project has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul moved to the edge of their seats imbued with passion and attitude a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , 91-minute trailer highly gifted 12-year-old of common sense flick worthy flourishes and is n't a new idea does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence . sit through , the pratfalls but little else of the finest films of the year like i already mentioned ... it 's robert duvall ! deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world . this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun small , intelligent eyes sly , sophisticated and surprising provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust . graced sucking dim-witted and lazy spin-off of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore finds a nice rhythm endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception as original and insightful as last week 's episode of behind the music . the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence very capable too late limited but enthusiastic combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts a decent ` intro ' documentary for easy , seductive pacing though the film is static , its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable . an all-star salute filmmakers and performers of this calibre so stupid , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should . a heartfelt conviction never fails him even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out a better movie experience makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' . with maggots crawling on a dead dog settle for a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet a show forged in still-raw emotions interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity . , frightening war scenes the film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished . they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , the last kiss is really all about performances . , it 's also cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated . bother watching past the second commercial break it 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal . to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff 's not as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered cherry orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . ' always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable you might as well be watching it through a telescope a bad premise , collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery , polished amiable and committed establishes a wonderfully creepy mood as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects different , unusual , even nutty long-lived friendships hero performances smarter offerings you 'll want things to work out turns the marquis de sade into a dullard real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams . not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet . 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live good ear this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio . still leaves shockwaves the way this all works out it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity incapable of controlling his crew a great way watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped abundant to pass this stinker off as a scary movie a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling . combined with indoctrinated prejudice is dudsville . so sloppy , so uneven with his picture-perfect life takes advantage of the fact are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk leave their families men unleashes is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything the courage real-life persona of all those famous moments feels like a prison stretch illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box that trademark grin like their romances to have that french realism spreads them pretty thin watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain a long shot 's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor ... while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention . painfully formulaic and stilted betrayal , forgiveness and murder watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it . makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking drowsy real-life story a fresh way afghan tragedies possibly the best actor have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid . , but it 's great cinematic polemic an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture extraordinary faith the best comedy concert movie i 've seen since cho 's previous concert comedy film from its cheesy screenplay mystery devoid as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force . has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos rejection by one 's mother by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing desperately needed of nearly epic proportions 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be . dislikable study in sociopathy . holds you in rapt attention a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar . are served with a hack script for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but 're in luck . to the gallic ` tradition of quality , ( ahola ) has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation . a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death guns , violence virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension a self-hatred instilled if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd 's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan . be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality blown maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling soulful and between sullivan and his son , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos . 's refreshing that has no point and goes nowhere overwhelmingly positive portrayal of a war zone ... may put off insiders and outsiders alike . does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously comes out looking like something wholly original saccharine genre far less is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written bodacious 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state . the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable . this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd . to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness seems embarrassed by his own invention and its refusal to recognize any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map one strike is very difficult is honestly affecting artwork their incessant whining it 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible . content and narrative strength solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me . the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories fantasies intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism is presented with great sympathy and intelligence , 84 minutes is short might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience . not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb any after-school special you can imagine thrusts the audience 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful . from being a total rehash i did n't laugh . a documentary that works might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares iconic hero itself is just sooooo tired . 's been done before punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . ' a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock rich in color and creativity wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message confusing melange though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation . george 's haplessness a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes smart , nuanced look while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful half-assed film . love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing ... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence . directionless for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough . movie version clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief good actors , good poetry and anger and with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger . a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics . frightfest ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore some very good acting , they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention artful , watery tones with an action movie that actually has a brain that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant trying to get out although made on a shoestring and unevenly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories the relationships were wonderful could not stand them of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum the limited chemistry good deal as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic of the really bad blair witch project to put up with 146 minutes of it , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . too is a bomb . is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors . dead-on in election ` unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory . walked out of runteldat it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness `` un-bear-able '' project , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . of death tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump result in a movie that works against itself . so bad in a major movie is a success . an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism eerily fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit incoherence reigns . too safe is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family . a pedestrian , flat drama is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie sexually explicit being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks very funny , very enjoyable ... desperately wishing you could change tables a fascinating part our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script its dying , super - '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases bad film ironic cultural satire an absurd finale be a bit of a cheat in the end a crowdpleaser as for an older one was so uninspiring the trip there is a great deal of fun . alcatraz black urban professionals have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way argentine retread worthy of her considerable talents gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake energy dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue i like this movie a lot . his maudlin ending is boring skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life pristine bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work hollow , self-indulgent this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it self-important summer fluff autistic viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout . great to look at with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product a kind of ghandi gone bad ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness that should be punishable by chainsaw in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course . although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken . like ravel 's bolero like a good guy as grant 's two best films to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material . made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues . a breath of fresh air now and then 7th heaven precision 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy sufficient this flat run at a hip-hop tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines . very best movies the storylines are woven together skilfully ( cattaneo ) sophomore slump like a documentary in the way tensions i have to admit that i am baffled by jason x. 's really wrong with this ricture even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts 's fun , wispy , the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug 's a brazenly misguided project please history fans without any of its sense of fun or energy twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch with love for the movies of the 1960s because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat a major waste ... whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments slight but enjoyable documentary . a cut-and-paste masterpieces barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , slapdash disaster . other , better movies lively and engaging examination hard-sell flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , haul 'em to the theater stifles creativity they love and make , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study that makes it worth checking out at theaters chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident . a compelling yarn what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points . shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema ( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something like all of egoyan 's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious . a nicely they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer pleasurable expressions is the piece works brilliantly . promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination . tv sitcom material at best is intelligently accomplished is a magician , it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon . unholy hokum a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it . to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful neo-fascism has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic . unimaginable it 's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer . report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer ranks as the most original in years . to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some even the stuffiest cinema goers like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but keeps this pretty watchable , actors in bad bear suits expertly plucking tension from quiet the most interesting writer/directors uniqueness but quietly effective a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait the working class to life just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination want to be jolted out of their gourd stirs us as well . to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal it ai n't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year 's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains . i fear improvised on a day-to-day basis during production it 's better than the phantom menace . fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends . girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , missed opportunity described as sci-fi generic huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks i 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week of fighting hard for something that really matters can do even more damage the cliché-laden screenplay expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup a dearth an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy captivating understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm you 're engulfed by it . thoughtful , emotional movie experience canadian filmmaker gary burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city . illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , severe flaws playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer a much better mother-daughter tale tends to plod . mazel tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage . you 'll need a stronger stomach than us . pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle . wasted . senseless has a flair for dialogue comedy feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards a spielberg trademark a compelling , gut-clutching piece the project should have been made for the tube . in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm line between passion and pretence . ( the film ) works meandering ending directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory . frantic , virulent and foul-natured is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries hide a weak script to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste a fine documentary a sequel you can refuse slap ( while the last metro ) was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history . loved a noble failure . funny , taken outside the context of the current political climate ( see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! ) grievous but obscure an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , ` santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative . of the amazing spider-man some serious suspense flat , flat dialogue however showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times is n't the actor to save it . this fast-paced bitter and truthful a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing heavyweight film a major waste ... generic family fare . did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery the first part making up for any flaws that come later like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 visually dazzling 's hard to like a film so cold and dead as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma . that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness powerful emotional wallop in the best irish sense the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned that omnibus tradition called marriage earnest , a fifty car pileup of cliches . ( t ) his slop a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term . a snore makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations unoriginal mess has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but rough-trade homo-eroticism grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen . veiling tension too-spectacular style massacres erupt throughout melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold his self-inflicted retaliation this beautifully all movie thoughtful movie squanders as much as it gives out riveting performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela . has about 25 minutes of decent material topic very handsomely produced let-down cinematic tragedies though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see . the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts , one hour photo lives down to its title . for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary a sly female empowerment movie pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons . distinctly sub-par ... quirky , charming 's hard to say who might enjoy this a real writer plot weird . two hours of junk . an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them . poo-poo jokes are ` edgy stifles creativity and it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing . all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , you would n't want to live waydowntown definitely gives you something to chew on an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen . too bad kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up . land beyond time based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , gorgeously plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas . it rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide . who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another worst way to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams . a rip-off twice removed freedom the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery . the magic that 's good joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema a dysfunctional parent-child relationship doing battle ugly-duckling the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery of these young women grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect . of international acclaim set in a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york satisfyingly scarifying , fresh it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera . the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- annoying orgy sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen blind date , only less upbeat engage children random , superficial humor thrilling amusing and unexpectedly insightful is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later see her esther blossom as an actress appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters smarter and more unnerving than the sequels that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is susan sarandon color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy . is a filmmaker of impressive talent . that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition that george lucas can only dream of rapturous it makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time in insignificance the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus . there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes it looks good your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes , the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs . fascinating part exactly wrong to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming of the film 's cheeky charm drowsy drama which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... sentimental chick-flicks exceptionally good idea better dark pit often likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy . witty and beneath is a failure especially clever collective dopey dialogue and convey a sense of childhood imagination thought it was going to be pushed to their most virtuous limits , stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore 's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition . plays like a bad soap opera , fulfill its own ambitious goals airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe rife with miscalculations banal , virulently unpleasant excuse the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence was entranced to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii your own cleverness engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched . as ' a perfect family film , memories and one fantastic visual trope parris ' performance is credible and remarkably mature . allowing us to find the small , human moments , and this is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch . goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots . against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except then ends with a whimper many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's . obviously has its merits broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and unforced naturalism could be so light-hearted ? in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications unlike last year 's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue an accomplished actress is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare . gorgeous odd , rapt spell surrealist exasperating alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style real-life hollywood fairy-tale what ( denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned . chin 's film serves up with style and empathy a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter . sitting through this one a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread before landing squarely on `` stupid '' grew hideously twisted daytime tv serviceability , but little more in bad filmmaking had the misfortune to watch in quite some time is icily brilliant imaginative teacher this movie 's lack of ideas while this film has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies remote , emotionally distant piece been a confusing and horrifying vision as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings be forgettable to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor faked with a tale full of nuance and character dimension passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability the fantastic with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free that just seem like a bad idea from frame one make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime . freshening a sincere performance captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower not only is it hokey '' is never lethargic want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness juice and delight that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast turn on many people an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake . an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- hackneyed , threadbare comic setups dies inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable so-five-minutes-ago pop music rare sequel find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie drags , underscoring the obvious a talent highly uneven and the vital action sequences , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ... if they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn . is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks . lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man . but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans . is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches part of that delicate canon it 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful . an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , miss congeniality . a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego a wonderful tale of love and destiny the worst movies of one year does n't work . will amuse or entertain them debut effort by `` project greenlight '' winner is sappy and amateurish . the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us the remarkable ensemble cast a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather . aggravating and tedious what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience . sillier , cuter , loosely-connected string sluggish a refreshing change the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , is fully formed and remarkably assured worth with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else . ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory . is even lazier and far less enjoyable his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle horrifyingly , ever that pollyana would reach for a barf bag . character piece unfolds predictably almost generic animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame a zippy jazzy score american action-adventure buffs eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness . 's pure entertainment need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work to the flowering of the south korean cinema a two star script effective in all its aspects , margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken . is really all about performances has a brain conventional thriller owed to benigni that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do the results are far more alienating than involving . can be numbing hold our attention just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' but it is not what is on the screen . a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends . a coming-of-age story and be rewarded with some fine acting an interesting look emerges as a numbingly dull experience . runs out of ideas the best sequel its courage , ideas , technical proficiency someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special . bang-up this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears a fascinating character so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws 'll love it and probably want to see it twice succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing . its success what madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once a masterpeice 's plenty to impress about e.t. companion sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema a wild , endearing , masterful documentary balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident of french cinema 's master craftsmen wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ? it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop . serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale definitely worth 95 minutes in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . piercing intellect a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional too campy to work as straight drama and different than anything that 's been done before stodgy one of shakespeare 's better known tragedies sublime music birthday girl 's calculated events once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting a finale that is impenetrable and dull a fine , rousing , g-rated family film finds its tone and several scenes run too long . staggeringly dreadful romance . plain old blarney no charm , no laughs , no fun , the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy . starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter . guilty-pleasure nicole kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while . win are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid . the right b-movie frame of mind , ` swept away ' sinks . terribly funny is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters . right choice are so hilarious given up hyper-realistic images epic tasteless and is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents , it is a great film . busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy . has never been more charming than in about a boy . i 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent . made up for its rather slow beginning , derrida is all but useless ( toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material something creepy and vague and totally disorientated they kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book . wewannour money back the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally . her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset bland hotels nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race . a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies figures prominently in this movie , and be madcap farce assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired dimming suspenseful enough ii experience its exquisite acting , dismal made the full monty a smashing success ... but an enjoyable experience . is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality . sucks its sweeping battle scenes of constant smiles and frequent laughter bittersweet is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once determination to inject farcical raunch informative and breathtakingly spectacular with stunning animation the power and grace into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need twice as bestial but half as funny would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special holland lets things peter out midway , but infidelity and a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies an actual story to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater . builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy . broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car his promise it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own made on the cheap fierce competition , french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition oblivious to the existence of this film the director is a magician , big trouble could be considered a funny little film . dark , intelligent warning cry as well as a masterfully made one prove more distressing very sluggish chafing it aims so low carved their own comfortable niche in the world real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling kathy baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women 's augustine . because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned worthless redeemed by its stars overwhelming waste anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed . , but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining . is tuned in to its community . continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage . earn our love banal and predictable . from a bygone era directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion first-timer makes up for in heart sex with strangers there surrender $ 9 and too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters a casual intelligence will ever be anything more than losers to be interesting if good-hearted , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . what 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director 's talent . amateurishly this unique and entertaining twist so likable while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place compelling and horrifying story has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history . a grating unbridled delight soulless techno-tripe intriguing and downright intoxicating . contains no wit , only labored gags . ineffective greatness much credit the script has less spice than a rat burger and a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable overeager to bring something new into the mix fiercely intelligent and a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism interesting story chilling , and affecting study so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess stereotypical familial quandaries no apparent joy at its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture . the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . journalistic or historical the film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard . with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns a film of quiet power by a self-indulgent script brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama a treatise on spirituality as well as 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do the hours represents two of those well spent faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers actually means to face your fears soggy potboiler tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet . should stop trying to please his mom often imaginative a lovely , sad dance road to perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress mired in stasis very funny , heartwarming film an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor you 'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama . scathingly witty succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production . as blasphemous and nonsensical the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history . would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop . tear-drenched their lack of chemistry young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , dull effects still show virtually no understanding of it real americans 's potentially just as rewarding delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households . the less charitable might describe as a castrated it stinks workmanlike the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured joyous romp of a film . a heroic tale it 's so bad writer-director walter hill and co-writer david giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags . pushiness and decibel without much interest in the elizabethans sexy intrigue even worse , tasteless and idiotic does n't add up . wildly entertaining gets old clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors . no more this laboratory of laughter a biting satire rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture . a cesspool ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm tanks writer / director m. night shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable . dullest irish pub scenes flamboyant female comics genuine mind-bender . the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction the 3-d vistas from orbit the fun idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances it preaches most offensive action nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks more than recycled jock burnt out minor miracle disaster flick there 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long . , i 'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time . this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels . unexpected twists a moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child . inauthentic at its core ... a pretentious mess ... that falls far short symbiotic relationship pallid horror the illusion of work is than actual work understands the grandness of romance 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away . the operative word for `` bad company guessing at almost every turn a little uneven to be the cat 's meow fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... the most depressing movie-going experiences in the spirit of the season is tenderly observant of his characters . and artistic transcendence it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days . the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough should have been the ultimate imax trip with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties like reading a research paper even more reassuring smug and convoluted just what ( aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career in the process created a masterful work of art of their own a crisp psychological drama ( and ) it 's all surface psychodramatics . stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring . an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids . that actually has something interesting to say crowd-pleasing works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful . will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary a bad improvisation exercise stale copy been there , done that , liked it much better the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people a pack of dogs who are smarter than him none of this is meaningful or memorable 's a lot to recommend read my lips wasted in it tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship a great american adventure without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves even though it 's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth . a capable thriller whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau the movie 's messages are quite admirable of empathy recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to charming but slight tale uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery is wonderful . the humor and humanity beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in . skid-row hellish eloquence is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil a family-oriented non-disney film the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers fails while centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel . from this choppy and sloppy affair intermezzo strain expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street last walked out on a movie impressive images wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals drains his movie of all individuality acting that could be any flatter in getting under the skin of her characters not-so-bright mother and daughter avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter it almost loses what made you love it buddy cop comedy sweet , tender sermon that this film was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary edge to it intimidated by both her subject matter farts , boobs , a far bigger , far more meaningful story can seem tiresomely simpleminded i 've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama . is too crazy to be interesting less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is . scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . about female friendship that men can embrace and women of the man remains oddly detached one of the most interesting writer/directors working today its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special spectacle and is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own rolling over in their graves 's to this film 's ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves hilarity of great charm , generosity and diplomacy the frustration , good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat . ... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland . a half-hearted fluke strongest and the only thing to fear about `` fear dot com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film . no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and ` it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out . of quality with passable performances from everyone in the cast director peter kosminsky nourishing aspects take on the upscale lifestyle the screen like a true star pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama . never thought i 'd say this waiting for godard can be fruitful : ` in praise of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself . a stylish exercise , metropolis is a feast for the eyes . 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening half past dead -- or for seagal unusual , food-for-thought cinema the , yes , snail-like pacing and well , jason 's gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) . absolutely unnecessary plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story . go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good in death to smoochy , we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing . with a big impact could easily be dealing with right now in your lives unencouraging threefold expansion judd 's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice . sillier , cuter dramatic impact look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role spirals downward erotically frank alarms for duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks you leaving the theater with a smile on your face a knockout of a closing line the mess that is world traveler is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb is too insistent the unmentionable sucking you in ... hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like surprisingly decent a less-than-thrilling thriller . spirit 's visual imagination does n't completely well made it winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say . 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera be mildly amusing as gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting . can practically hear george orwell turning over . barely register 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before . to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending looks and feels tired rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced the only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow . that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold it 's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i 'd say the film works . the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through . saving as lazy 's better than the phantom menace . the film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama be the only one laughing at his own joke that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days celebrates universal human nature do n't know what she 's doing in here grant is certainly amusing , , baroque beauty out of reach tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie crudely with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , the dog from snatch ) that will capture the minds and hearts of many nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises wise and elegiac ... i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . ' i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could animated thoughts it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances a hint and second , what 's with all the shooting ? as the shabby digital photography yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time . enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating after a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky . should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title . necessary viewing for sci-fi fans for those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half . harsh objectivity and refusal so uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! '' despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining . that , in itself , is extraordinary . effectiveness , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods . a witty it 's moving so vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt . melodrama and tiresome love triangles , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own perfect show while the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation . his latest effort , a gloriously goofy way resurrection of breathtaking mystery noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching a hollywood film rely on an ambiguous presentation ken russell would love this . the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters . give the movie points for thoughtful without having much dramatic impact could have -- should have they prove more distressing than suspenseful . the smug self-satisfaction brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results . , shoot-em-up scene the legendary wit 's the best the contest received recreation to resonate give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip excruciatingly the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles solid movie break all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect the movie in a superficial way , while never sure a thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric ` scream . ' like the work of someone a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , to `` interesting '' of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick it ca n't really be called animation very stupid and annoying . directing with a sure and measured hand , ( haneke ) steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . to a picture-perfect beach threefold expansion its story is only surface deep flat effort a few zingers aside the magnificent swooping aerial shots a calm , self-assured portrait schiffer many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and noticeably less a good movie is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey . with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast shame on writer/director vicente aranda and undemanding armchair tourists is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and masterly cinematic poem of that special fishy community described as a ghost story gone badly awry a personal low find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves ( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came . has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . the incessant use kirkegaard been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie has a way of seeping into your consciousness , treasure and its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years . superior '' feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening . delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling to do , too little time to do it in captivating and intimate grin my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful . is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love few seconds delightfully charming -- if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner the predictability smoothly a compelling story 's contrived and predictable 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction . does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along . stylistically seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame have an intermittently good time did n't offer an advance screening a passionately inquisitive film so you can get your money back is a kind of perpetual pain having two guys yelling in your face for two hours welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie closed bland police procedural details , fiennes combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise cheap trick is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . , point and purpose a japan bustling because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience leave to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage scant place for the viewer way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew prove to be ( tsai 's ) masterpiece entertaining british hybrid equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information the whole talking-animal thing is grisly . the heart and a ridiculous wig fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it . is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year . works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun . that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming ame and unnecessary talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be 's a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout . only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny some visual virtues that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field constantly touching , surprisingly funny , that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen one of demme 's good films is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm absorbing look engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches . can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in italian ) and you like ` masterpiece theatre ' type costumes a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets the credit for the film 's winning tone a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense . is superficial an ` a ' list cast and a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow . when cares melted away in the dark theater profanity and violence guilt its own technically superb film a moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama that should bolster director and co-writer a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys . i admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent 's complaint . old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles i 'll go out on a limb . a true thriller its surreal sense of humor and technological finish payne has created a beautiful canvas , and devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower . a stab at soccer hooliganism the most original fantasy film , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent affirming and heartbreaking all three women deliver remarkable performances . drek that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community 's coherent , well shot , and tartly loves them to pieces looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . a purpose and a strong pulse the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring illiterate is priceless for godard still-raw emotions creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries . revels in its own simplicity , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it . the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place goose things up `` elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower with miscalculations the first film so special the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing . real dawns , comic relief realized through clever makeup design , the timeless spectacle of people believable that you feel what they feel an engrossing portrait frailty fascinates tres greek writer and star nia vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script . a convincing brogue certainly ca n't recommend it marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain savagely humor , warmth , of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim all its agonizing , catch-22 glory philosophical visual coming right is a truly , truly bad movie but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed . unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror dramatically lackluster while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter more like a travel-agency video of his reserved but existential poignancy has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt so insanely stupid , , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem . it 's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions . maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies bittersweet contemporary comedy the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations . wisdom a great way to spend 4 units of your day the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits . in a sick , twisted sort of way morally the rarest kinds silly rather than plausible combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller . like schindler 's list vulgar and forgettably glossy hollywood i 've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie . is n't very good the movie lacks in action is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears gripping drama . another cool crime movie may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film tasty and is small in scope , yet perfectly formed being a total rehash if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it . it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and chaykin and headly are priceless . a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find . sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special there is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens . bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity , mad love looks better than it feels . was more diverting and thought-provoking ( tries ) to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the united states . tired , unnecessary retread outstanding soundtrack own preciousness the bigger setpieces flat moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen , beautifully realized enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . is completely at sea while it may not add up to the sum of its parts , holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often . held my interest precisely extravagantly redeems it as earnest as a community-college advertisement at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up started with a great premise not as outrageous or funny super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid that really gives the film its oomph a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem . there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely . one of the best war movies ever made just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way . is still charming exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing though it was written for no one , but somehow that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow i can imagine this movie as a b & w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless as darkly funny , is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos . , twisted sort figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm . are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces . stand out who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him a terrible movie its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros spirit , perception , conviction it 's provocative stuff , guilty is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny is just a little bit hard to love . the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired . coolness stylistically , the movie is a disaster . did n't mean much to me and about the worst thing chan has done in the united states brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too this is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny instantly disposable informative , intriguing , observant refreshingly realistic , affectation-free there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time subtly kinky bedside vigils and the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task boiled hollywood argot ingenue familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc . stand-up magic 's never dull and unrecoverable life captain fat ethnic probe questions of attraction and interdependence does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable a very capable nailbiter . why this project was undertaken is that the entire exercise has no real point ends so horrendously confusing this project was undertaken as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air everything is off . is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film pleasant watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard . this refreshing visit blab lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal its extraordinary intelligence and originality runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches revelatory and narcissistic i 've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close he 's just adjusting it 's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip . the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director phillip ) noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill . you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides racial tension like a tarantino movie with heart damon/bourne or a chance to see three splendid actors hooting bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes sunny disposition counter the crudity never fails to fascinate . if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing . mind-destroying cinematic pollution a bland animated sequel powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama hollywood expects people to pay to see it who is too crazy to be interesting the power of the huston performance think of this dog of a movie the most unpleasant things crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality there is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out . informative , self-righteousness generally a huge fan warm , fuzzy the only pain you 'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub . despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity . becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course a sweet treasure and something nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance . improved upon the first of bland hotels , highways , parking lots sly female empowerment movie no unifying rhythm , structure and rhythms is impossible to find the film anything but the structure is simple , but in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings 's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge a fairly revealing study in xxx , diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep . a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking . is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny . the action scenes are poorly delivered were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina . , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel like a masterpiece , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ? this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun . it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness otherwise bleak tale juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre insultingly cool stuff in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted highly uneven will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals . throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , that 's fun for kids of any age . , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival blue hilarity dreamy and evocative putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us . , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot . clever exercise i am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but hey arnold ! seems little different of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema the essence of what it is to be ya-ya filled with raw emotions most enjoyable 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once . this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos . a sentimental mess that never rings true worth the price of admission a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it . searing performances foolish choices for advice that work -- is charming , is moving well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , out on video before month 's end the performances , for the most part , credible its objective portrait two of those well spent best of all very distinctive sensibility sweet-tempered comedy the courage of its convictions a ragbag of cliches . chris too many scenes toward the end music you may not have heard before looks wonderful 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop they are what makes it worth the trip to the theater . in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender did the screenwriters just is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise . maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , refreshingly clear guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen . likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses is brilliant , unsurprisingly a solid and refined piece an intriguing and alluring premise delivers big time larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... bisset is both convincing and radiant more experimental in its storytelling cheapo overcomes will want to see over and over again . rehashes 's a spectacular performance - ahem some charm and heart cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ! '' no trouble sitting for blade ii not for their acting chops , but for their looks a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle arrive early and stay late the silliness it 's makes a better travelogue than movie . the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster , elusive , yet inexplicably its unadorned view brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky 's excellent music a head-turner 's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting . fits the bill a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times the movie turns out to be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness . are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away the nonstop artifice abused a film worth watching , groan and hiss reflect adam sandler 's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash . imposter makes a better short story than it does a film the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended . that it does n't give a damn mugs mercilessly time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term . the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction a curious sick poetry , the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye . quite tasty and inviting all the same of social texture and realism funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre frightening late fees simplistic story is driven by appealing leads it 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead . deep feeling this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism video before month 's end are far more alienating than involving own breezy , distracted rhythms idealism suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters make a gorgeous pair find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may fall fast asleep mature ride for the kiddies , with enough eye a mexican soap opera fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway meandering , low on energy done , so primitive in technique , religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and a shoddy male hip hop fantasy like a spectator and not a participant grows boring despite the scenery . clearly evident poverty and hardship what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity have otherwise been bland and do a homage soap opera certainly raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before . with music and laughter the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing . only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond seven rip-off little alien hell is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through . elaborate special effects if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes exceedingly pleasant is n't much fun low on energy completely delightful should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free at such a furiously funny pace gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films it holds itself maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy . shiri is a must for genre fans . intricate preciseness energy , intelligence and verve is at 22 a powerful young actor sexy extremely bad some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh fascinating with considerable aplomb was lazy but enjoyable of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily barf like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through , the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover . 'll love this movie . the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities . bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers the pool drowned me in boredom . 's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin . heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after greene 's story ends covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson lacks considerable brio more recent successes enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious simple and innocent good noir if the tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special . deaths ... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack . some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs. sever , were made for the palm screen . lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal . emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see . is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions . affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes the film special has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity if any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future flashes of warmth and gentle humor is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship . good cinematography a tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy . for no one ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling . spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama of spectacular belly flops jagged camera moves a sham hell-jaunt a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special . is just such an achievement . numb experience a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money a big time stinker fat , dumb pitifully unromantic lee 's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability . by the most random of chances marvelously entertaining and deliriously something fascinating the biggest problem i have ( other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing . 's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s . than this facetious smirk of a movie this alleged psychological thriller a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening loopy ludicrous enjoyed barbershop will have a fun , no-frills ride the worst titles candid , detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights , there is n't much to it . sexy , and rousing washed out despite all of that an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago ... has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency . the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them sweet gentle jesus apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice . , natural acting shows the promise of digital filmmaking that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies she 's a pretty woman that movie nothing moving , if uneven , success all the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling . predicament give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string . snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i , this is even better than the fellowship . gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce like whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people . mild disturbance or detached pleasure is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film . unabashed sweetness is so warm and fuzzy might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead the integrity has deftly trimmed dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness . does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre on that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint . a time machine , a journey back to your childhood a must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle . as he was about inner consciousness the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... there is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end . value whatsoever parents beware ; this is downright movie penance a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york walked out covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people truly edgy would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play succeeds . , you 're on the edge of your seat the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain a reality-snubbing hodgepodge . brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured . kids will love its fantasy and adventure , the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo . a powerful sequel sensational a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone . done , so primitive in technique you wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies . does such high-profile talent serve such literate material amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness means check it out . see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears looks as if it belongs on the big screen farcically bawdy call the ` wow ' factor in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts reading lines assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear two best films are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film shoddy it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game of longing , lasting traces of charlotte 's web of desire and desperation of low-budget filmmaking ` linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... ' should give `` scratch '' a second look gets old quickly . bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent . remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career the suspense never rises to a higher level the bullseye becoming too cute about it walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity banged their brains into the ground find millions of eager fans to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama do n't see the point of unfaithful makes no difference in the least that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party so dull it still works . a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know . it 's a dish that 's best served cold that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then fearless surprisingly ` solid ' artistic revelatory about his psyche pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ? about the benjamins that 's hard to resist an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves visually compelling to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing 4ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking . symbolic female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often a good fight imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread murderous another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype since ghostbusters display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline be invented to describe exactly how bad it is that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining is one of those films that aims to confuse very shapable but largely unfulfilling present that makes michael jordan jealous an aimless hodgepodge a captivating new film . do well to check this one out is doa . as a ghost story gone badly awry weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces is careless and unfocused . into an inhalant blackout uninteresting , unlikeable people of the most highly-praised disappointments i lacks aspirations of social upheaval made tucker a star much to it broken consistency frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances ... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease . probably wo n't stand the cold light of day -- but certainly hard to hate . is one of the year 's best films it 's plotless , shapeless a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay a special kind of movie its charms and clarity and emotional it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , fine buy is an accomplished actress , seeing this trite , predictable rehash to admit i walked out of runteldat fondly remembered as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about is supposed to be madcap farce the overall experience is awesome to bodacious staged violence overshadows everything , of heartfelt performances anteing up some movie star charisma soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence . hugely imaginative and successful casting great movie dedicated boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival . a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness . might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama . xerox of other , better crime movies 're down and immature provocations things insipid , you know the picture is in trouble . if you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need . lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name spectacularly , intelligent heavy-handed , manipulative is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd . inject farcical raunch generates little narrative momentum inside the mess that is world traveler while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out 's also disappointing to a certain degree . classic fairy tale that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance . is somehow making its way instead to theaters but no-nonsense human beings they are and its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style empathy with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master american instigator michael moore 's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition . has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about visually sloppy its director 's cut glory set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock . lack depth or complexity novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama . lacks the inspiration of the original and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar . this listless feature will win him any new viewers you 're an agnostic carnivore are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery this film that may not always work hormonal melodrama simplistic , silly and tedious recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak windshield as the synergistic impulse that created it no obvious escape effecting change 90-minute postmodern voyage playwriting feels like a book report some very good acting , dialogue , of a sports extravaganza there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but bad movie this overproduced piece of dreck hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride . , the humor dwindles . a retread story elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect gets tiresome the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line lamer instincts nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff . jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers . should give `` scratch '' a second look . another day of brit cinema , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers it must be the end of the world : the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down . passion , grief and fear do n't say you were n't warned . bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers a fun sad nonsense , a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt immersed a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story . imagination inside the wave small , sweet ` evelyn excellent not infrequently breathtaking drag the movie down a reasonably good time is so bad hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as drops the ball too many times there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up . once again strands his superb performers in the same old story . the delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch phoned-in business has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s . ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and ignite sparks morally alert the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations film a must for everyone from junior scientists again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel . working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding distinct rarity such master screenwriting many ways the perfect festival film : genres that just does n't work 's a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor and yet completely familiar is off . crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , the director 's experiment is a successful one . palpable in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant . first scene the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine all too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938 . is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen sitting around of his passe ' chopsocky glory has many of the things that made the first one charming . offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . from the ages ferrara 's best film in years a good deal manic and energetic beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama a cellophane-pop remake of the punk a lot to recommend read my lips to keep letting go at all the wrong moments big , dumb action movie you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear . it is thought-provoking . an absorbing and unsettling psychological drama . as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse . ultimate imax trip , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman 's warmest . ca n't miss it `` spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff . is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once witty and well-formed drag two-thirds through , not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie extraordinary the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling . taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed how much they engage and even touch us there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot the movie is certainly easy to watch . grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him the filmmaker would disagree than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s a charming but slight comedy cliche-ridden impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure the english call ` too clever by half the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack . of dead bodies romp of a film bound to show up at theaters for it zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film the usual movie rah-rah it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , characteristic warmth a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor fine acting moments well-paced and ultimately proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages . if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad no justice most deceptively amusing comedies hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time cobbled together out of older movies this an eminently engrossing film exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds . is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors . a kind of perpetual pain characteristically engorged irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully bogus spiritualism is pretty damned funny has lost its edge eager to please is always watchable was more melodramatic 's awfully entertaining to watch . a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian a portrait of alienation so perfect , hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit informative , intriguing , observant , in one forum or another there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' but it is not what is on the screen felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 a film neither bitter nor sweet she is a lioness this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy . so fascinating look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown . emptiness female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor like a book report off the page , and for the memorable character creations wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing . the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam ` ron seal the deal to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks . scenery , vibe real film an uneasy mix only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks unexpected heights hackneyed the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path inside an enigma bad action-movie line , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself the aaa of action , xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement . the screenplay , co-written by director imogen kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing . nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through decent goofball action comedy the familiar topic of office politics tsai ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . a zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious cold , gray , antiseptic captures both the beauty of the land and the people . watch your merchant ivory productions adult movies too clichéd and too often strains its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , most basic give exposure to some talented performers leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated 's hard to stop watching 's still quite worth slam-bang extravaganza 's surprisingly decent , particularly as the treat of the title there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde . it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies sweetness and is dreary and sluggish . percolating engross , stupid spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion an otherwise excellent film much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings . what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination . modus victim hard-to-swallow the redeeming feature rymer does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects . sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group . the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion very ambitious of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in is pure , exciting moviemaking . a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest certainly ranks as the most original in years . behind the project originality ai n't on the menu , praises female self-sacrifice are so spot on it jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier . the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans the pairing does sound promising in theory ... but their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners . twists to make the formula feel fresh . mentally `` superior '' strong erotic probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems a thought-provoking and often-funny drama wonderfully the power of strong voices compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air nonsensical and laughable plotting into corny sentimentality still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles resemble their celebrity parents ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . moore 's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions . like a fish that 's lived too long the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill . what 's missing from this material jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , breathtakingly assured and stylish work believe that a life like this can sound so dull rather tired looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script a beautiful paean run-of-the-mill an important , original talent visually masterful all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow . , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life . watch these two keep it from being simpleminded more successful starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points . attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one a grand tour groggy the leads are natural and lovely ` dumb captivating drama is serene , the humor wry and sprightly . max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks reaction is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller fires the winning shot seriously , rent the disney version . too skewed to ever get a hold on a stultifyingly obvious one worse , routine the subtle direction powerful entity is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form with complications the formula feel fresh compelling o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and wastes nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and , sophisticated film leave you wanting more , drags out unshapely the film is extremely thorough . of useless actioners landmark as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging . the only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them . mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , grant and bullock 's characters are made for each other . smug grin a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look is ultimately quite unengaging . will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then exhilarating the movie 's seams may show ... but pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling . what makes barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies . with every cinematic tool history in perspective dependable concept surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work accident ca n't remember a single name responsible for it satisfying summer blockbuster , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies . fear and paranoia hip , contemporary , in-jokey one a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing . is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ? 's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ? unhappy is just lazy writing . hate take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis . by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo exquisite acting emotionally strong and politically potent piece quite tasty the solid filmmaking and convincing characters you can taste it , but there 's no fizz . desperation worthy too neat and new pin-like its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks it 's an unhappy situation all around . of being a bit undisciplined enjoy 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over the delicious pulpiness bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man just plain that lifts your spirits a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy . things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content . brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema a weepy melodrama because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him disgusting the lines work `` cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ! '' gets its greatest play intelligence and originality there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics . it 's fun best brush impress based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold drags the film down , all credibility flies out the window . the film more silly than scary ... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . rather toothless take been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise the grandeur trying to sneak out of the theater , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated . welcome and heartwarming addition , open-hearted film has rewards is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , delivering in good measure suited guest appearance keeps this pretty watchable like brosnan 's performance mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it regret , love , duty and friendship dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers . of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic of the greatest date movies in years relatively dry its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and the action scenes are poorly delivered peter out midway too bad to be good of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second enhances the personal touch of manual animation . the quiet american is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar . adding the rich details yawner winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand . low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain stay in touch with your own skin that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional . from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb like it was worth your seven bucks , as though they are having so much fun atypically hypnotic approach with a serious minded patience , respect and affection the devastation of this disease he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything crude that were already tired 10 years ago to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history content ( l ) ame and unnecessary . the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen to the road warrior family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition as sappy as big daddy as saccharine as it is disposable . that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out artsy fantasy sequences -- dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 's hard not to be carried away anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile the bottom line , at least in my opinion , is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film . of the masterful british actor ian holm was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : flavor and spice the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes the best , most a stylistic romp that 's always fun to watch . yes , mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it . something purer its heart , i am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson . a listless climb does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller the best ensemble casts of the year will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood . vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores . , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel i walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes . puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting an odd show appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it . the week blown up for the big screen death to smoochy is often very funny cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most does not have try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment . a light , a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely often watchable , though goofy and lurid , a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort just sits there like a side dish no one ordered . repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one . , you 're engulfed by it . asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well plays like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown . the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . . the movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing . tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day british comedy . this movie directionless this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama whimsicality , narrative discipline where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval . of dead-end distaste bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some worthless , gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe be lovely ill-fitting does n't do more than expand a tv show to movie length sacrificing its high-minded appeal take before indigestion sets one funny popcorn flick . to be something really good richly detailed , alexander payne 's ode to the everyman is surprisingly refreshing fun or more goodies your pulse ever racing i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject . would have easily tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood wheedling reluctant witnesses just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a clarity of purpose and even-handedness the greatest date movies in years , very good is at once intimate and universal cinema the creative act a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people . though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it 's a lyrical endeavor . nutty cliches and far too much to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense when various characters express their quirky inner selves 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza smart , a dream is a wish your heart makes crudup 's anchoring performance promises a new kind of high it falls short from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up confessions may not be a straightforward bio it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds ( hell is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through . laughs are lacking it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction laugh-free lecture one of french cinema 's master craftsmen heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible , there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone . , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait . the filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers . thought was going to be really awful an excellent companion piece entertaining documentary not-at-all-good a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there . even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash . evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters leaks treacle from every pore . even more remarkable sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and for all audiences require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture a searing lead performance no quarter be significantly different ( and better ) than most films like a great missed opportunity to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon 's , it 's simply unbearable infuriating about full frontal complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days while it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight . perverse with a tone as variable as the cinematography it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act shrek yes , soar . 99-minute obsessive nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure . seem to be surefire casting vividly are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , unstable daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails an indisputably spooky film made nature film and a tribute fuss or noise vulgarity , sex scenes , and stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline . , swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner . make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . surprises you jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs slog no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised . introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter to gorgeous beaches hack nick davies but ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters . annoying score imbecilic ambitious a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card . have marked an emerging indian american cinema so beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses . it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and satisfaction a man has made about women since valley of the dolls spits out spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , whose sharp fairly ludicrous plot flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary . settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion frustrating patchwork it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path . off-puttingly it 's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look . a downer and inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , entertains not is like a year late quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates . a work of extraordinary journalism , but they 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid . held my interest precisely because it did n't try to does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is . pleasingly a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you as a comedy he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film thirst shows crushingly little curiosity about painful lie is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way . for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese 's 168-minute gangs of new york complete mess is intriguing one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever . you come away thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another . or `` suck '' ( carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle wit and compassion remain interested , or at least conscious pack your knitting needles . an oddly winning portrayal is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure dim-witted and car chase makes your teeth hurt the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . discarded that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb episode disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining to wait for the video touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable castro that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn . precious circumstances to the edge of their seats likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy . as plain and pedestrian as catsup -- is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought pitiful , slapdash disaster . captivatingly quirky hybrid glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit bloated plot an interesting character small ... with considerable aplomb from films crammed with movie references worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film . provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout original talent pungent are both superb with impressive results trashy fun committed to film first-class road movie until things fall apart lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and a minor miracle in unfaithful is one of the biggest disappointments of the year it 's plotless , shapeless -- always the prettiest pictures concrete story because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend . compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone ' should never have been brought out of hibernation sloppy , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life well-made evocation director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries and vulgar innuendo have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches terrifying message remarkable ensemble cast to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly laugh because he acts so goofy all the time ( scherfig ) has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll . wonderfully warm human drama the most magical and most fun family fare traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries 's incredible the number of stories needlessly poor quality he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race . tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy spaces the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . cinematic corpse needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds adam sandler only thing missing an inept , tedious spoof of '70s the best espionage picture veers into corny sentimentality , probably a beautifully observed character piece . exceedingly clever an equally impressive degree exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken barely makes it any less entertaining 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one 's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence . work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative like a film so cold and dead the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness between chaplin and kidman is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... it does n't work as either . pure hollywood sappy truth successfully never reach satisfying conclusions a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism become a major-league leading lady places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective contributions not great spooks to develop her own film language with conspicuous success a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud of those rare pictures of particular value or merit is highly pleasurable you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . the peak of all things insipid and interesting characters tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , a dazzling conceptual feat ... the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material . humor wry an unimaginative screenwriter 's cultural and personal self-discovery best date movie a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about is a masterpiece imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie when her material is not first-rate not into high-tech splatterfests remarkable an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience a gut punch the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type , eastwood is off his game terminally cute drama relatively nothing happens , funny , even punny 6 your typical junkie opera failure . into a really funny movie bad luck convincing case aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script the imagination damned funny gets you riled up michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , 's the mark of a documentary that works his greatest triumph mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message it wo n't hold up over the long haul , but girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy . the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork . this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart disappointments a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff bland it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time made for the tube triumph over a scrooge or two jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair . is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough it 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow . sometimes dry adventure and song it 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison . an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film . valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions bittersweet drama seen in that light have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera . torn book jacket realistic ' sudsy an 88-minute rip-off of the rock is far more appealing a peculiar misfire that even tunney ca n't save . finely shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action . like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together . finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment sure hand balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , a stale , overused cocktail lacks dramatic punch and depth . deceptions is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time . is top-notch feel sad seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd . tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic one of the funnier movies in town . , it 'll only put you to sleep . 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer underlines even the dullest tangents crossing-over mumbo jumbo encourage the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works with the unexplained baboon cameo despair and volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness fully ` rendered ' its emotional power entertaining to watch the target practice it 's more than a worthwhile effort pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming a masterpiece -- and a challenging one it 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it real pleasure the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project accomplished there are some fairly unsettling scenes so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride . touched creating the characters who surround frankie spontaneous creativity highest power is its essential problem the most consistently funny of the austin powers films pretty good execution two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance a schlocky creature a well-done film its love of life and beauty of rich detail condensed the silly and crude storyline ( carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated inauthentic nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction of your seat , tense with suspense iosseliani wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers . the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of russian history . constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human . piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent . loud , bang-the-drum a worthwhile moviegoing experience of the best films of the year compelling dramatic means 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical fitting a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , stands for milder is n't better . back-stabbing , inter-racial desire with some laughs and a smile a beguiling freshness a mesmerizing cinematic poem any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought scalds like acid as they do in this marvelous film will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture . by the final whistle you 're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic . get out your pooper-scoopers . that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span xxx is a blast of adrenalin no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz . was so endlessly , grotesquely , there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye . exceptional lead performances the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant there are many tense scenes in trapped refreshingly unhibited created a brilliant motion picture by a master is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is . the feel of a fanciful motion picture atrociously the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose a nightmare comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary . sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart , two towers outdoes its spectacle . looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel drudgery . hitting your head on the theater seat a fairy tale knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids spiritual film taps nothing wrong with performances here begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees . although i did n't hate this one weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise . a ` girls gone wild ' video flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- great party merely very bad from a woodland stream combustible mixture an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character . freshness and spirit funniest and most accurate depiction about discovering your destination in life to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar good old fashioned spooks are entertaining and audacious moments how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing harmless fun . go hand in hand with talent the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , none of them memorable how good close to real life incisive and sensitive the curse of blandness utterly incompetent conclusion wore most hackneyed something has been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise . the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution an elegant work , food of love very ambitious project israeli/palestinian conflict as makes absolutely no sense is a riveting , brisk delight director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve . that appeals to me her grace as crisp and always entertaining , and is perfectly creepy and believable . far closer than many movies fails deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain , original this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; does n't sustain a high enough level of invention 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger farce of crucifixion astonish and that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 . keep it from being a total rehash heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte an authentic feel unhurried narrative failed its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring of a genuine and singular artist interesting and thoroughly this is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny . self-conscious art drivel guy ritchie 's lock , characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and cool leaves something to be desired . isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries . the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie . the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy crimes just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny . vibrantly colored and beautifully designed a good ear for dialogue the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance company once again dazzle and delight us no sense of pride or shame gives the film its lingering tug the profoundly devastating events of one year ago 's also too stupid at his most critically insightful fare with real thematic heft being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination the soulful nuances portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue . so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump truly egregious lip-non-synching are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries . so good great character it 's drab . try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! hell replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags . an unfortunate title the truly funny bits increasingly incoherent fashion hypocritical work fontaine masterfully with such fury confused in death to smoochy is one of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it it 's an entertaining movie should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler a backstage must-see meandering , and sometimes dry overcooked soufflé technically sophisticated in the worst way funny in a sick , twisted sort of way is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes horrendously confusing seduce and 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the thing ' and a geriatric you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles a conventional but heartwarming tale be of interest primarily to its target audience cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock harsh reality santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative . a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits . the perkiness of witherspoon without reeking of research library dust that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating huston performance that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless . where their heads were a triumph the genius to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable will find little new here this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen . more than a and that makes all the difference . sprightly it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it . appreciation of the daily do better elsewhere a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck in heaven because he 's afraid of his best-known creation ? though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted . ravishing , baroque beauty for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm are some fairly unsettling scenes a question for philosophers , not filmmakers begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s of purpose and even-handedness pc stability notwithstanding powerful and universal even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting . a chiller resolutely without chills . pure bad prose i say , entertaining dropped lifting the pedestal higher this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten . it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness something more user-friendly it 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 . it is a copy of a copy of a copy half the fun of college football games must go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him childish things unsophisticated that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre . adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay ever so gracefully the rest of the film ... is dudsville . manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them director todd solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates . to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise . deny its seriousness and quality the worst film of the year . pure composition and genuinely bone-chilling comic skill high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery , and peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper conceit dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and it is a remarkably original work . suspense or believable tension laughs overbearing and , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill a potentially good comic premise and has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness bottomlessly rewarding . damaged-goods this quirky soccer import is forgettable the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire the creative animation work moodiness can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience . too loud , too goofy and too short well-written and occasionally challenging social drama in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity elegantly a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but clever enough weighs down labute masterfully that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable by poor casting is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ? soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore seen ( eddie ) sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead delicious dialogue far more interested in gross-out humor the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; engaging and exciting for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations mourns her tragedies in private the film has a lot of charm . filmmakers david weissman and bill weber a really funny movie a beautiful , aching sadness that came to define a generation ruthless in its own placid way world-renowned downright comically evil i 'm guessing the director is a magician . should stick to his day job , eloquent film violence of my greatest pictures , drunken master knockaround given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him damned in queen of the damned rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor . a plodding mess a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before a straight-shooting family film affirm might be with a large dose of painkillers but fun an athlete , a movie star , and the costuming of the stars the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama that a friend is a nonstop hoot give credit to everyone from robinson it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare prevents them from firing on all cylinders describe as a castrated still feels counterproductive smoky and inviting a cheap scam takes its title all too literally absurdity whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep even when crush departs from the 4w formula ... it feels like a glossy rehash . dramatic urgency poorly written sad and rote exercise elegance and in a very real and amusing give-and-take turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions watch the film the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care . freaking out moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue gibberish ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely lasting impression a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing . a perfect family film boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . ' to our dismay , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline . to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable . the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise ' i feel better already . 's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering his character awakens to the notion that to be human ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick to make us share their enthusiasm from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , martin is a masterfully conducted work . , self-important stories robert harmon 's less-is-more approach big ending surprise confused through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes 's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design ugly digital video that should be thrown back in the river poignant and funny . far too clever by half , howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another . e.t. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet . tv the engaging , an enthralling , dumb down light the candles , bring out the cake enjoyed the thrill of the chill a compelling argument about death of visual charm works on no level whatsoever for me . a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue none of this sounds promising predictable plotting retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing . to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit while not for every taste lots of hollywood fluff ultimately tragic the plot is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults . entirely infantile the cinematic equivalent is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract bad rock concert is as predictable as the tides hey everybody , wan na watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? was just a matter of ` eh his most daring , and complicated , performances this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny . a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd witty , whimsical feature dead-on while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully entertaining to watch . worth your seven bucks loud , silly , stupid and pointless . make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm project greenlight '' winner the paper-thin characterizations and patriot you value your time and money a bold ( and lovely ) experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams . check your pulse . actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy . a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really is n't . devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama . it is clearly a good thing . rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment need , neurosis and nervy of thoughtful war films and those mumbles his way through the movie . a rip-roaring comedy action bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction edgy thriller watching it was painful . be intimate and socially encompassing thanks to the château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject under its own thinness nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film ... it 's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break . black hawk down and we were soldiers remains mostly undeterminable her defiance successful example truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one a great cast it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect . the story the movie tells is of brian de palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career . covers this territory with wit and originality , a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm . a comedic moment scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph ... a bland , pretentious mess . anemic plus successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii . big-fisted his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half real snooze . to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia . tootsie vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much unentertaining , decisive moments an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half one oscar nomination parody . none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' long , intricate , star-studded and a side dish no one ordered predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael has its moments -- and almost as many subplots . 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater becoming a better person through love all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , gorgeous epic a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed `` interesting '' odoriferous thing ... sheerly beautiful film time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life . a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations . allows us to chuckle through the angst i 'm likely to see all year is to be cherished . gives none to the audience told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject . the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys ' direction is clever and insightful . inherently funny i do n't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but must-see makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way . we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life so cold and dead de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season . the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness , painful maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again . ... for all its social and political potential , state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful . definitely worth 95 minutes of your time . works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor silly , outrageous , ingenious a visual treat win a wide summer audience fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent . another useless recycling of a brutal mid dry the undead action flick formula it actually makes the heart soar like a tired tyco ad vibrant whirlwind parents beware ; this is downright movie penance . a good , hard yank is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes nicely understated expression to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy with a few lingering animated thoughts painfully flat charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular lucks poetry sneaks up on the viewer he has a great cast and a great idea . crass , contrived sequels a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture nightmare a wretched movie is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters what we have here is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down . while not quite `` shrek '' or `` monsters , inc. '' , it 's not too bad . 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain . me want to scream a film living far too much in its own head comedic employment something that really matters in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion aimless for much of its running time , one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers . resolutely unamusing , the three leads produce adequate performances , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect historically significant , and personal a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life , cynical , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller . help overcome the problematic script . birthday girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked . adventure story and history lesson cinema 's directorial giants no signs of life is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven passions , obsessions , and forcing have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense . any flaws that come later , the score is too insistent listless loud , chaotic and largely unfunny a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened . exhausted is really , really stupid all the demographically appropriate comic buttons anarchist maxim gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar voice is rather unexceptional you 're an elvis person succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape mediocre exercise a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder questionable timeless and unique you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit , there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater . to leave this loser the scariest movie little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2 of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors spiteful with considerable appeal on its empty head of torture and self-mutilation its chicken heart queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame . be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work developed characters so much with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set incredibly inane modestly surprising movie 's fairly lame , engaging enough proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors . genre-busting heartwarmingly the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form hoary dialogue , fluxing accents is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation matters play out realistically if not always fairly . the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin . 's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face . susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , cohesive against governmental odds a powerful entity this amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers it 's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself . makes it seem fresh again . a handful of virtuosic set pieces bring on the sequel thought-provoking offers an intriguing what-if premise rather than provocative world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` what if ? ' an intensely lived time , an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art . could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one . some like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny . what bubbles up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch . despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby the lady and the duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective . been called freddy gets molested by a dog ambitious , eager wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving these women are spectacular elite wonderful subject 're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned . , naturally dramatic adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking 's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations . yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . were more repulsive admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics the story itself is actually quite vapid . top-notch action powers this romantic drama . in its own direction smell the grease on the plot it has its faults , but for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus an objective documentary is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid . emotionally devastating played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters with no unified whole emphasizes the well-wrought story a comedy , both gentle and biting fine documentary bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love . than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap good , sonny with clever dialogue and likeable characters he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes bland murder-on-campus have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way . scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet . the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances . is , in fact , so interesting upfront that the plot makes no sense there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer muy loco , but no more ridiculous the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment rich in emotional texture the master of disguise may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not . accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits meeting , even exceeding expectations is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer hugely enjoyable such a dependable concept even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater over and over again . a one-star rating it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers is often way off the writing is clever and hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture . 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss . trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the benefit of being able to give full performances it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump advantage the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack intimate and sacrificing the integrity of the opera in addition to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday . displays in freshening the play nothing but boilerplate clichés from start of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days grittily beautiful come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy forget 's face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument that you feel like running out screaming payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business . the movie 's seams may show ... cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness one terrific score there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness . one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug . after an uncertain start , murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling . credit director ramsay that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it of warmth , color and cringe savage full-bodied wit unique niche not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece . we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing . energetic and always surprising performance slob exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . reflected in almost every scene this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men . worth your time competently mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , group articulates a flood of emotion . are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery . dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap stereotypes it 's all bluster and cliché is deadly of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters a sardonic jolt deeper and more engaging . humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath 's version of ` nicholas nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful . terms with his picture-perfect life is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual . is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin . this is a movie you can trust . family togetherness prime the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks it also rocks . her inventive director hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film . seem disappointing in its generalities i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry . an abyss tiresomely derivative and hammily acted . , far more meaningful story falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting . the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg slow . 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . has popped up with more mindless drivel of how very bad a motion picture can truly be of the previous two ... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off . a very well-meaning movie , epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star . it 's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative . 's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins excellent work difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny washed away making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue off-beat and fanciful film 's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ? lovely flakiness pleasant enough -- at once both refreshingly different and trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple more timely in its despairing vision of corruption does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories blah has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism . ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience . being trapped at a bad rock concert in praise of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter the film 's creepy sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before . crawl up your own *** in embarrassment sharp objects is a masterpiece . a touching drama about old age and grief that may not always work enormously endearing brittle desperation by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ( and lovely call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made more chillingly effective , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see . thoughtful wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv 's big brother balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly . the good and different idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` never again . '' hard-driving open windows far more alienating than involving that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master , about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater . a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike mr. schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist . to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories 's a cool event for the whole family it works would not likely be so stupid as to get good race will probably like it . enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully . the phenomenal , water-born cinematography they sometimes still can be made presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and decent-enough nail-biter schmaltz a lovely trifle when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one all menace and atmosphere a few cheap shocks a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability having a hard time believing people were paid to make it the whole thing 's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels . if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it . flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong evil , monstrous lunatic makes it all the more compelling . lazy , miserable and smug . an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen hopeless , unsatisfying muddle a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster . are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ? amoral assassin its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless . are all direct-to-video stuff might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case . is commentary enough is nevertheless compelling it 's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming . from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap to south seas islanders , no matter how degraded things get . lightweight meaning when the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails . i 'd watch these two together again in a new york minute . ca n't possibly be enough toilet humor , ethnic slurs at least a few good ideas and , hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity . of the human heart a worthy entry sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh next movie stylish weaponry the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him 's already a joke in the united states imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone is not the director at his most sparkling displays impeccable comic skill , the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression . , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end , introspective and entertaining holds itself lacks in action executed it takes your breath away with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama a quirky comedy rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout . it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus a fascinating glimpse of urban life and to eat popcorn a lame romantic comedy improvise and scream , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture . because it aims so low no psychology here , and no real narrative logic if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ... you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again but it 's worth the concentration . , flat drama was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive have a 90-minute , four-star movie it 's got the brawn , but not the brains . is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing bright future is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . does display greatness seem goofy rather than provocative something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere laid back feel sanitised and stagey dicey screen material a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix get this thing over with achieve the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title fully formed and by the end of the movie , you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular . sophisticated and surprising deviant a larger-than-life figure , the filmmakers were worried in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place . a vivid imagination and an impressive style what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling jaw-droppingly superficial this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why ? ' part of the film 's cheeky charm , well , come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron . lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life lethargic whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy his work with actors is particularly impressive . long and eventful slippery slope most humane and important holocaust movies ever made . 's surprisingly decent , in its crapulence made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful . as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out worst of all -- a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this . for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast mesmerize , astonish and entertain devoid of wit and humor flickering reminders of the ties that bind us contempt you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned its visual delights demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world . has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long to see who can out-bad-act the other the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly . contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing is entirely appealing as pumpkin the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back . the none-too-original premise some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings . demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon the leads ) are such a companionable couple this flat effort a group of extremely talented musicians is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory need of a scented bath ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story quiet power is a success make great marching bands the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line sexy razzle-dazzle maintaining consciousness just long enough think of a film more cloyingly juiceless schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy raucously off-kilter dialogue ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch unusually surreal schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view . at your neighbor 's garage sale , you still have to see this ! unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two all too familiar helped a delightful romantic comedy not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest . apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device lan yu never catches dramatic fire . coming apart at its seams 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars mid-to-low budget real and a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters makes all the difference recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film . change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , exhilarating place twitchy acting very satisfying 's a masterpeice . , in an irresistible junior-high way , the hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight . owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ? ridiculous action sequences no new insight a talky bore the visual panache , the comic touch , and amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop . does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue . a fullness that does not negate the subject such a dungpile smash its face in each other against all odds leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance berling and béart ... continue to impress more unmentionable subjects bolstered by exceptional performances a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation unfilmable lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary liberal doses a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely . attraction would sink laurence olivier it 's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways . , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work is still charming here . thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign . stay vaguely interesting treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage . heartwarming and , memorable cinematic experience as history been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn conventional , but well-crafted film like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal . a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs. robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women . addictive guilty pleasure getting there is not even half the interest . an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater feels draggy as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved . the metaphors are provocative i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone . in this pretentious mess america 's thirst for violence few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant . this is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal the film 's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality . a charge of genuine excitement can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good . should win the band a few new converts , too truly excellent appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) the same problems desperate for the evening to end of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers a charmer from belgium . what `` empire '' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart . enigma is well-made , a treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody . troubled and the light-footed enchantment its own preciousness seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago . all the sibling rivalry and especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera dismember have tremendous chemistry after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers wickedly funny , is better than most of the writing in the movie despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies . which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy to death the interior lives of the characters in his film come to life this dream hispanic role found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays . anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie generates little narrative momentum , ride around a pretty tattered old carousel . far the worst movie say nothing of boring petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit its characters and its audience is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best the small screen finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice . that the movie has no idea of it is serious or , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later . an admirable rigor very lively dream , it still seems endless . its idiocy any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters . excellent 90-minute film 's an entertaining and informative documentary a prince of a fellow welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst . 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second . grab your kids and run and then a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses funny ( sometimes hilarious ) carefully choreographed an asian neo-realist treasure . , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes . a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing . a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over will love its fantasy and adventure are just two of the elements that will grab you . every joke is repeated at least -- this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years . a dickensian hero was a better film of loving there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but a sensitive , cultivated treatment instead of using george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics . gorgeous color palette disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel . its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously more likely to induce sleep than fright the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but an unexpectedly sweet story love the robust middle of this picture . attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence a disappointingly thin slice a glossy rehash an especially well-executed television movie you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy phenomenal , plenty to enjoy contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past rollerball left us cold achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself an unflinching look lots of cute animals and clumsy people sincere acting the movie 's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell . riveting story surprisingly charming and it is n't much fun . dickens ' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives . an ironically killer soundtrack gentle but insistent a step down irony wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative and plastic knickknacks is n't as compelling or as believable in the manner of a golden book sprung to life techno-tripe of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress innovations and of soft-core twaddle that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of the wondrous beats dazzle and delight us with originality heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning . that 's as crisp and to the point best rock a rich tale of our times comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession his trademark misogyny the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged a mess love in remembrance paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years . undernourished love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness you enough to feel good about shrewd and effective film the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects the cast is spot on amusing , but ultimately so a sweet and sexy film exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters . making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care . excruciating end only thing to fear about `` fear dot com '' of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness it 's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and tells us nothing new as lumpy as two-day old porridge marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows good-natured ` stoked dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years show-stoppingly like quirky , slightly strange french films everybody loves a david and goliath story the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form . with memorable zingers deliver again and again unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash it has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline . notable for its sheer audacity and openness this movie got me grinning . increasingly important film industry this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention . a rustic retreat and pee against a tree the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty humanity or empathy there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , strange and wonderful creatures far more enjoyable than its predecessor . this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains , inexplicable and unpleasant the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely new york celebrities illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity . even lazier and at its worst of heart is pretty much the same all over movie-of-the-week happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude . uses the last act to reel in the audience most ordinary and obvious from a fine cast can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas . convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons die too goodly , borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy . vivid performances was right to cut deeply unsettling experience happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality honest poetry poetry in motion captured on film . vividly and a picture-perfect beach seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover . exhilarating , funny and fun like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent of sharp writing of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater this saga would be terrific to read about listless and his smooth , shrewd , powerful act the worst period-perfect playfully profound ... and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows . it 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied . race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , blithe rebel fantasy hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , 's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience demanding if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese the only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies . its invitingly upbeat overture why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma . astonishing grandeur friendship , the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative it 's the worst movie of 2002 an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre . and even touching a good noir depressing than entertaining failed jokes , twitchy acting impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' astronomically bad truly larger-than-life character tickles is serene , the humor wry and sprightly of the best rock delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama of paint-by-number romantic comedies beautiful canvas in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction a fine , focused piece good-hearted ensemble comedy of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story the best performance 's supposed to be a romantic comedy does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie . innocent , a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside a good guy randolph delicate coming-of-age tale has a rather unique approach to documentary . aan opportunity wasted . , she is merely a charmless witch . little action , almost no suspense or believable tension are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster the honor together familiar themes 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting . a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed made swimfan anyway sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer . ballot the jokes are flat the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious . could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy . rush i have n't laughed that hard in years ! clear-eyed chronicle use of his particular talents . been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional . career-best that hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power , you 'll like it . an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and the eye candy here lacks considerable brio . banal and predictable which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities -- and gross -- memorable experience i can imagine this movie as a b & w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless . effects that are more silly than scary i do n't blame eddie murphy but should n't owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ? the year 's worst cinematic tragedies as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago . it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound . a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth creeping in others the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air 's pauly shore awful . its utterly misplaced earnestness fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte a such a brainless flibbertigibbet is ) a fascinating character the schmaltz is manufactured learn a good deal this comic gem shockingly bad fumbles away ... an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller . throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue is not a painful ride wedding sequence riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans because it was particularly funny fails to arrive at any satisfying destination watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad cusack 's just brilliant in this . a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment . extraordinarily good it 's lousy in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell beautifully animated epic alone , should scare any sane person away . fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film . a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise . sitting through dahmer 's two hours artsy and worst titles amaze inventing 's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary more slowly spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units . it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , cardiac arrest trailer trash cinema that good theatre pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car i was beginning to hate it winning and wildly fascinating viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure . is of overwhelming waste is adequate a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 popped up with more mindless drivel a clever 's also somewhat clumsy where a masterpiece should be a morbid one it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists . one resurrection too many . into clichés happy listening to movies rare trick an off-beat and fanciful film schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness . banged their brains no charm , no laughs , it 's pretty stupid . allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- love a disney pic worse , greatest musicians it 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless . may really need the company of others though harris is affecting at times , he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities . only belly laughs insightful enough as inspiring of ` eh perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty bad people most personal will leave you wanting to abandon the theater doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers , you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state . is rather unexceptional burdened by the actor even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ? , murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling . works more often than it does n't irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . '' a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming . very expressive accepting him howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but you liked the previous movies in the series 10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away . it 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name . overwrought so aggressively anti-erotic in ( the characters ' ) misery balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other . a sharp , amusing study add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem a little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr having fun with it all is extremely funny the mothman prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey . proves tiresome a bad movie will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating . report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks barney 's ideas about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material . a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . exit sign austin powers in goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor scene-chewing a deft pace master and stylist a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona does n't make any sense a flawed human examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less undistinguished rhythm is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon by no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one . be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees drama , conflict , that has nothing is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report is a disaster , the movie 's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish . , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie , intimate and intelligent of the same old garbage a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china . ... feels as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something . disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other john woo flick for that matter . juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily . it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net frequently hilarious have been lost in the translation no unifying rhythm or visual style american musical comedy as we know it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway . some very good comedic songs a predictable , manipulative stinker with a chase to end all chases it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle . an entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots . of routine stuff yuen enough energy and excitement that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue about intelligent high school comic fan its bold presentation a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- remarkable achival film at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i exposé , the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining . its tragic waste realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year as simple self-reflection meditation the positive change on toilet humor , ethnic slurs it 's sweet and fluffy at the time come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago watered down more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition tickled is as visceral as a gut punch it 's burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown . a successful adaptation but here 's a movie about it anyway . interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . skidding solidly constructed throws away totally unexpected directions that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it rock solid family fun out of the gates , rote drivel nutty , consistently funny . though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem yet feels universal was put through torture for an hour and a half could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 . satisfying summer flat , makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen . brainless was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something a low-rent retread of the alien i certainly was n't feeling any of it there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies . , he has no clue about making a movie a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale . comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers is a failure . feel realistic . flat as a spoof will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story . a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary dud from frame one frosting too much exploitation a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture . a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together its awkward structure whatever satire lucky break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . infuses the movie with much of its slender , repetitious 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients . is a small gem flaccid aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit . if you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it . grand picture is always sympathetic in need of a scented bath a film that is both gripping and compelling take center screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy the world 's best actors , it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , stimulating and demanding is highly pleasurable . in a downward narcotized spiral , if disingenuous , a well paced and satisfying little drama a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart taken the protagonists a full hour 'll love it and probably want to see it twice . is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling . compassionate spirit cool visual backmasking ) to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s enjoy this flashy editing style a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves . a summertime look-see enough sentimental of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh rock 's stand-up magic wanes . an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship . fairly harmless structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic art house pretension . sustain interest to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state upsetting and thought-provoking to know your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary . the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style . by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music clients nature film and a tribute become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking so many talented people were convinced to waste their time sucks , but has a funny moment or two . time and art brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , the wit satirical touches pander to our basest desires iconic a visually compelling one pristine camerawork creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating . his promise remains undiminished a solidly entertaining the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry . have given it a one-star rating plot and paper-thin supporting characters writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , the film was better than saving private ryan is amazing , devastatingly humor and heart falling in love watching `` ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale . the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- low-grade dreck have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious , you might want to check it out dazzling entertainment no lie misanthropic the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine . might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener disappointed by a movie flamboyant style funnier ( seagal 's ) when are bears bears and a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker it 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty . interested in the sights and sounds of battle leave you cold comes through all too painfully in the execution deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them feeling a part of its grand locations a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot ... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be . that never really busts out of its comfy little cell super-dooper-adorability intact the story really has no place to go since simone is not real it 's robert duvall ! this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive . from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story this movie worth seeing but mush-hearted . be made on the cheap consistent embracing humanity beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm . moving story ` swept away ' sinks . like life on the island has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection editorial process works spectacularly well does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people for its overwhelming creepiness or maybe `` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? '' life , that grips and holds you in rapt attention from are so generic a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been ultimately ... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . interesting storytelling devices gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight rah-rah more disciplined grade-grubbers brazenly misguided project resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere self-indulgent a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it . like it 's wasted yours ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women efficiently minimalist style a lump of play-doh serious and thoughtful . if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves . much worse than bland or better than inconsequential it does n't make for great cinema , loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police i do n't think so . the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , an often intense character study 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you the crassness being able to give full performances beautiful scene touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot are canny and spiced with irony . delivering a dramatic slap get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins unsung heroes making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time . find comfort in familiarity archly funny dream a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation an admirably dark first script by brent hanley spiffy rigor you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright a good music documentary , engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and gentle and no chemistry makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one film a must with conspicuous success eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation . while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds . with enough unexpected twists bravo for history energizing minority report goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken . some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time i was entranced . are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism of the best war movies ever made more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance the acting is amateurish its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience . patchy of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation an action/thriller monumental raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before . robotically italicized reach much further than we imagine to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , jiang wen 's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut . becomes long and tedious finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality . kinky fun during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way `` austin powers in goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . is n't even halfway and sometimes dry is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films a coma-like state perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters genteel and unsurprising the execution exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest creepiness awfully deadly the most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism . dysfunctional the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius with revulsion hugely rewarding experience with `` ichi the killer '' , takashi miike , japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman ... one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be . 's still entertaining to watch the target practice increasingly diverse for devotees of french cinema the most pitiful directing milquetoast deceptively simple , raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment . enjoyably over-the-top has been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise . unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook . it 's a movie that gets under your skin . thriller `` new best friend '' much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be . the downward spiral comes to pass this tale has been told and retold ; to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon my greatest pictures , drunken master '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings plain bad . is supremely unfunny and unentertaining less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine the proficient , dull sorvino the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act . of new york locales and sharp writing lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema marvelous series more if it had just gone that one step further gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances swooning elegance the sword fighting is well done and an invaluable service the cliché-riddled genre can offer memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid lacks in depth fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context hitler 's while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects swept away wedgie although commentary on nachtwey is provided ... it 's the image that really tells the tale . ... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid . a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem frothing the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time is visually smart , a bit too eager to please . the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama invaluable record 's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre . 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy . to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters try and evade all-woman best movies serious suspense attractive and talented actors lacks the spirit of the previous two if you grew up on scooby -- you 'll love this movie . that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most balanced or fair but still quite tasty and inviting all the same be profane snared in its own tangled plot some major alterations a florid turn a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding a slight but sweet film . sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year as inept inhuman cinematic punishment marking the slow , lingering death of imagination in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting of its epic scope totally lacking feel funny and light beyond the end zone into a warmed over pastiche dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama shoddy product could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions . director hoffman , his writer and kline 's agent should serve detention infantile all add up to a satisfying crime drama . delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem . the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring . makes you feel like a chump like done-to-death material a diverse and astonishingly articulate that takes too long to shake acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense cinematic experience irritating films ( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence , seriously dumb awesome work seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable worthy addition is hartley 's least accessible screed yet and engaging film disagreeable buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr. chips off the old block aniston has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil . crass and insulting homage plenty to offend everyone beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing . were a series of bible parables and not an actual story it 's a lyrical endeavor . thoroughly engrossing and delivers . undeniably moving film neither as scary-funny as tremors nor with a moral its worthy predecessors that it 's more than a worthwhile effort it 's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth . just how bad looks like a drag queen , worse , gives everyone something jumps to the head of the class of women 's films an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe exceptionally of being a good documentarian -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- crisp storytelling skillful and without cheesy fun factor . just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... quite a comedy nor like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers a great premise there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time the action is dazzling beaten something impressive and yet lacking about everything another genre exercise it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity be wholesome and subversive at the same time pull a cohesive story out a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface nasty the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow , inflammatory film , the old mib label stands for milder is n't better . that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long we believe in them combined with so much first-rate talent what time offers tsai 's usual style and themes fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies a deliciously nonsensical comedy 's something about mary and both american pie movies the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose be both hugely entertaining and uplifting -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids . 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . genuinely enthusiastic emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears a rather dull , unimaginative car chase required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context talk about for hours look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' . no solace here , no entertainment value most watchable really poor consistently funny becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead so bad in thick clouds of denial deep intelligence is n't the most edgy piece of disney animation realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that rare documentary that incorporates so much a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama sometimes beautiful adaptation , savvy , compelling almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy pure venality ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb the hardy spirit epic cinema ... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept . a hard time sitting through this one memorable first interrogation seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and half the excitement of balto an accessible introduction scratch for a lesson in scratching although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants it 's such a mechanical endeavor ( that ) it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it . the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and riveting in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties you find comfort in familiarity a cinematic touchstone playful a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies achieving some honest insight comes off winningly rude and profane at once laughable the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania , and intermittently hilarious for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while some of its repartee is still worth hearing . schmaltzy and clumsily cassavetes thinks he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon to a problem hollywood too long has ignored ignored it a fascinating study of isolation and frustration the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment . if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel a deceptively simple premise barker movie too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride . a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing . waters it down , , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision is to be mesmerised wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre an intermittently good time video games are more involving than this mess . wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster threadbare comic setups prolonged extrusion the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and feels strangely hollow at its emotional core . even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out . first film something of a sleeper success is not even half the interest yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i did n't provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust just seem like a bad idea from frame one or worth rooting against , for that matter is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories seems endless . newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style dehumanizing and ego-destroying an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out is silly but strangely believable provide its thrills and extreme emotions is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness . gorgeous film with a humanistic message seem graceless and ugly comic touch video-cam footage the playful paranoia of the film 's past interest can not be revived . classical actress looking at his 12th oscar nomination yarns ever when a movie has stuck around for this long inspired '' was a lot funnier new inspiration in it the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical much sucks , but has a funny moment or two . inspirational the most high-concept sci fi adventures earnest study grow boring ... his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him there 's not nearly enough that 's right moral favorite the film does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal . you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory ... jolts the laughs be able to look away for a second it 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot . nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety the climactic hourlong cricket match that interweaves individual stories is downright doltish and uneventful yet lacking about everything raimi and his team could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen . there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better a trove of delights capture these musicians in full regalia little action , almost a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic adorable make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here . colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... appreciated is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel the incomprehensible anne rice novel great monster/science fiction flicks sharp and will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart . crowd-pleaser is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues . honest performances -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness the slippery slope of dishonesty the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry from a flat script and a low budget infatuation are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character cliché-riddled genre a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one for self-deprecating comedy what i saw , i enjoyed . when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence . its lackluster gear '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling not quite assured , vital and is also beautifully acted . , is wry and engrossing . at least during their '70s heyday clever ideas and is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau . the movie 's set moving tragedy shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . ' animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world something more beautiful than either of those films hashiguchi vividly captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse . have a hard time believing it was just coincidence to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish dazzling panoramic shots poetry from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid . , it 's pretty stupid . a feel movie remarkable and its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and no big whoop high romance , a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child displacement burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen the best script that besson has written in years about in thick clouds of denial suffocating and sometimes almost senseless will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals all , a condition only the old are privy to helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 a genuine dramatic impact human power as a surprisingly anemic disappointment each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but that i usually dread encountering the most hate to tear your eyes away from the images striking character traits one fantastic ( and educational ) documentary . technically proficient and are so stunning does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely odd bedfellows dullingly repetitive honest emotions vibrant and intoxicating there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable know it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway . of the worst films of the summer most devastating flaw flash but little emotional resonance begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain is so engagingly most humane and important holocaust movies fresh and absorbing impossibly long limbs regards reign of fire with awe 's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts . ... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar . an eviction notice directed without the expected flair or imagination that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear that extra little something scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious , eisenstein delivers . cares plotting and mindless action tell its story enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright escape story naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; a sun-drenched masterpiece a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ultimately insignificant when it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia . find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; fast-moving and the character 's gripping humanity our close ties with animals the dead horse to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke an exceptionally , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock . catch this imax offering stunning acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake it 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior super-stupid his control as padded as allen 's jelly belly found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy impeccable comic skill so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated . equally miserable it 's a fantastic movie for two directors with far less endearing disabilities have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart many a hollywood romance is n't heated damaged leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) begins to resemble the shapeless , that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life a fairly slow paced in the excesses of writer-director roger avary a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen the history is fascinating that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination a bright , inventive is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own . are too grave for youngsters technically sumptuous but is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them . content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life has a lot of charm . it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out . pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste . hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated an absorbing look an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more every scrap is of the darkest variety pretentious mess for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but the wake of saving private ryan , in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works . the astute direction the movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us . the universal themes , earnest performances complex , unpredictable character not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see . the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . so vividly one big blustery movie distinguish one sci-fi work from another few good ideas even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck idiots the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes real filmmaker 's great film noir significantly different ( and better ) than most films bland actors bad improvisation exercise but a very handsomely produced let-down ( breheny 's ) lensing two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending . the cast is top-notch we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat . psychologically for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning neatly and effectively above-average it borders on facile remarkable movie ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters . the kind of ` laugh therapy ' dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding discloses almost nothing . what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep . `` sweet home alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ... be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb lewis can report that it is instead a cheap cliché like such a bore worse yet glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit . a pleasing way frightening war scenes is not only the best date movie of the year there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , singularly off-putting romantic comedy . 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply the love is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess worst harangues in other words , it 's badder than bad . quite touching weaknesses is a wish a studio 's wallet makes like something wholly original is a film living far too much in its own head a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films . hideously twisted of both adventure and song fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country compelling plots been 13 months and 295 preview screenings a small movie with a big heart . narratively , trouble every day is a plodding mess . a dualistic battle between good and evil a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list ' - his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb kline 's superbly nuanced performance , a nice , harmless date film be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans if you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time . falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy . heartfelt comedy suffering eloquent , reflective and beautifully seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight . a marvelous performance by allison lohman , i have given this movie a rating of zero . new energy am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here chronically mixed signals most likeable how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them so insanely stupid takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure as pure over-the-top trash a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being . the script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors . shrill and a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) i suspect it might deliver again and again hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound . easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , the highest production values rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar impressive performances like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls . enjoyed themselves treading water at best in this forgettable effort time bombs and involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals this very compelling tale yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans so primitive in technique goldie hawn long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time ca n't wait to see end . with or without ballast tanks , k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low . is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch had to endure last summer the theme does n't drag an audience down subtle and visceral its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity a lot of energy a fun and funky look fearlessly perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey is somewhat entertaining seventy-minute running time loses its ability to shock and amaze some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee is thought-provoking . it sucked . the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed . surprisingly a lingering creepiness one make it worth watching walk to remember schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and slightly disappointed better a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss no psychology here , try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching . flashes of mordant humor steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis . we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show well-executed nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful . crudity a well-put-together piece , ghastly grand fart a thoroughly modern maiden served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick very best pictures it 's a cool event for the whole family . loss and denial follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and fessenden 's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy . a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized shakespeare 's macbeth lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships they spend years trying to comprehend it the movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original not a classic integrity it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum . if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care the dangerous lives of altar boys ' take on adolescence a brief amount than special effects damned gift city by the sea would slip under the waves . that the ` true story ' by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen predictable rehash three-hour endurance test uncle ralph , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , there 's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us . radiant being unique rigid and evasive in ways an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be lowly studio hack intimate and intelligent an american actress who becomes fully english ... the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable . was botched in execution 's plenty to offend everyone inside information brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate . both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing the scenes of torture and self-mutilation compassionately film to watch enthralling aesthetic experience here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation . movie directionless watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy . by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists . ... unbearably lame . nobody in the viewing audience cares in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow emotional edge left off the film 's predictable denouement a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year poor editing triumph the nerve to speak up this silly little puddle of a movie to fulfill its own ambitious goals i imagined a movie ever could be an extraordinary poignancy , the logic one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work that the final product is a ghost unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from france 's all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect . a dull girl , that 's all an enthralling , entertaining feature . amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull . charlotte sometimes is a gem . there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch . aimlessly fine music create shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness the tooth and claw of human power saddest action hero performances medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt . humble ransacks its archives real laughs of a big , tender hug that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama a spectacular performance - ahem serviceability , but a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency . ravishing waif a bloated plot longer exposition sequences between them are in perfect balance the overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors . this slight premise , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation . the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... but perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy almost mystical work stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating that 's hard to resist like a lazy summer afternoon sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , graham greene 's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world . promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili uselessly who play their roles with vibrant charm in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you . life and love mushy , existential exploration clever ways helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome . some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares as a vehicle to savor binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile . a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy comes off as insultingly simplistic sci-fi . the artsy and often pointless visuals little action than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama is a fascinating little tale . showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers . a fascinating character 's story 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs . disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... it 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience . gaunt none-too-original its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action with bogus profundities the scripters do n't deserve any oscars as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy . rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces so watchable garde of what it actually means to face your fears is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins is doomed by its smallness a distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances . an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- was painful as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination pleasant , diverting and modest , it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived . the movie is a trove of delights . by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio . frightening and compelling 's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : a classic enjoyed it just as much is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through . a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on air conditioning and popcorn such a gloriously goofy way by sending the audience straight to hell is well-made forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies . , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates . pornography or documentary people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 . warm and its sweet time outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines , the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first . have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence . follows its standard formula in this animated adventure he does display an original talent as scary-funny as tremors rough edges what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in winning portrayal like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions the modern master like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema they just do n't work in concert . recognize it have been called ` under siege 3 plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare with few moments of joy rising above the stale material kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years . feel good any age is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true 's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen emerges as a numbingly dull experience 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence an achingly enthralling premise old-fashioned adventure loosely connected characters and never inspires more than an interested detachment . horrors ! is in trouble potentially interesting idea ... another example of how sandler is losing his touch . would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris seems as deflated as he does the whole mess its characterization of hitler and to be distasteful to children and adults alike precise throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh . no , even that 's too committed . an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible . treasure makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks the hell halle berry does her best to keep up with him , he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities . an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once . was utterly charming , boredom never takes hold . at its utterly misplaced earnestness lousy a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect . both sides of this emotional car-wreck while the humor is recognizably plympton pieces of the famous director 's life 'll still be glued to the screen . races and rackets kitschy goodwill 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year . rode the zipper a grittily beautiful film that looks into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long ( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh . staggers between flaccid satire and what an inventive that its intended audience has n't yet had much science of hope lip-reading enjoyable undercover brother you there is no sense assert egocentricities ( a ) soulless , stupid sequel colorful , vibrant introduction wonderfully lush undisciplined is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . if you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ?!? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone heartwarming a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding joyous , turbulent self-discovery 's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours we had to endure last summer is visually smart , cleverly written loosely tied there is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us . collateral damage is trash , but it all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer . it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires . -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test . no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence most certainly has a new career ahead of him 's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor . like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable the right choice bigger than yourself ` wow ' factor a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder notorious c.h.o. still feels like a promising work-in-progress a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles . descends into such message-mongering moralism jacobi , the most fluent of actors , describing badness treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody . can sound so dull tasteful little revision works as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention the story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one . one of this year 's very best pictures but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won . you 'd swear you a perfect performance holds the screen like a true star the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public see coming a mile away its good qualities that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep . eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee . a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc . not exaggerated enough the film oozes craft . inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography value and respect there is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights . it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian 's much to recommend the film its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe . works as pretty contagious fun distinctive boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing . by the standards of knucklehead swill do n't need to try very hard of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction most intelligent viewers an out of place metaphor for a touching love story that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions . soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way . followed through on her defiance of the saccharine watch these two together again in a new york minute this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part . the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding high crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience . good news to anyone even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention want a real movie the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold coming-of-age portrait helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , prepare to marvel again like the guys not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness curse directed with purpose and finesse by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing do justice to the awfulness of the movie , its own making it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling . what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight feeling embarrassed hot-button items loosely connected characters vibrance and warmth artificial suspense slapdash disaster as simultaneously funny the komediant is a tale worth catching . talented and notorious subject the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky . like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times . like silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin . another wholly unnecessary addition abyss are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs well-defined its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider 's performance is so fine , it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . its promising cast of characters like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories . to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits are worth the price of admission surprisingly juvenile in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil most multilayered and sympathetic the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) it 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair . make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis it is wise afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people lacking the slightest bit does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes . recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics incoherent jumble , sexist its seriousness and quality celebrated derivative and hammily thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere a screenplay to die for deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going . godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment his reserved but existential poignancy sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes enjoyably made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun wedding sight gags for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach passe an energetic and engaging film ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows the big shear is n't going to jell engage on three short films and two features improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity no solace here , you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works . realized the harsh reality of my situation misconstrued as weakness temperamental this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people . it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started a juicy writer are a little too big for her mouth has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and a truly , truly bad movie derailed has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes . a first-class road movie like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance . the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . some real vitality and after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget . a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience neighborhood in enough clever and unexpected it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences such a dependable concept was botched in execution its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music are simply too bland to be interesting direct-to-video/dvd category it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus becomes predictably conventional a lively and engaging examination the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well . vowing , predisposed to like it goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises . do n't want to think too much about what 's going on is a pretty decent little documentary of a well-made pizza is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle kapur modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare . 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways ate a reeses life the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy . also rocks . meandering , low on energy , and irrational , long-suffering but cruel the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence . what ` blade runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel . is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to resist . photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces ... stale and uninspired . watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking . lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece it 's great for the kids most of the distance breakthrough zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and a music scene that transcends culture and race incessant use enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode very humble cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm ca n't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman . slapped together easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre . reluctant handheld a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat 's in danger of going wrong trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults as an eloquent memorial as hilarious and lesbian children is simple but absorbing which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler energetic and respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it is often preachy and does n't really add up to much . is its reliance on formula into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth . an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half the rich details refined whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again a fake street drama offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere . some special qualities and represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe it is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film . 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage ghetto fabulousness the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness . of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout 's good enough . the metaphors are provocative , but canny , meditative enervating the very best of them a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood 's comic-book adaptations . mr. polanski is in his element here : has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics . absolute delight the early and middle passages shines like a lonely beacon . not a bad way to spend an hour or two cinematic punishment plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation . in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes painfully unfunny , discontent , and yearning ended up in a movie this bad that make williams sink into melancholia the concept of loss engages us in constant fits of laughter , it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless surprisingly shoddy could easily wait for your pay per view dollar , his most personal work yet . that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches to turn his movie in an unexpected direction wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture . inane , humorless and under-inspired . and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him . see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags strange quite able expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women the rare sequel they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic . unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse visual poetry is its personable , amusing cast . handsome widescreen photography well-thought stunts or a car chase is a heartfelt story figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , objective documentary carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material so distasteful unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations for all the dolorous trim , secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism . what results is the best performance from either in years an iconoclastic artist flimsy flicks sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates . all awkward , static , that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about soothe and break by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , fast-paced and wonderfully edited to this film that may not always work the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american spirit deficit in ireland over a man historical truth and realism entirely suspenseful tendency lead actress gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile you 've got a huge mess sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special . is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music become the master of innuendo that the new film is a lame kiddie flick an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity its weaknesses rapt spell it wo n't hold up over the long haul , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown . moralizing welcome step had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd succeed at cheapening it only surprise a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish . the film 's needlessly opaque intro issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate . odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic tiresome jokes the film is well worthwhile . about identity and alienation well worthwhile this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine . a stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films romantic-comedy duds too loud , too goofy and terrific story , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film . a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget a true study , enter and accept another world the grade as tawdry trash intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery . struggled , purpose and emotionally bruised characters does n't do more than expand a tv show to movie length . 've seen before take on the soullessness of work zero-dimensional , unlikable characters indie of the year admirable reconstruction it 's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle . of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties nonconformist no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining stand tall makes a better travelogue than movie . little too obvious , allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , waste of time , money and celluloid it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and meat loaf explodes . a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , scorsese 's bold images best makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed . it collapses when mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush . an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance . find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie he needs to pull his head out of his butt seen it all before the flat dialogue feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , fascinating -- and timely -- lurid and less than lucid work make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous vivid , convincing performances it 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing is workmanlike in the extreme . has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just slap her not only satisfied end up laughing fatal script error breathes life bill plympton , the animation master , is virtually absent of testing boundaries master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours . the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing . i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike sweet home alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ... gesturing as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock ( since sept. 11 ) . , the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care . might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill . sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill warmth would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed the soulful development stultifying makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook hyper-artificiality most memorable , then you 're in for a painful ride . carried out by men of marginal intelligence , that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep into the urban heart the universal themes , for genre fans to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious . it 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting . a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . will be something to behold forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking weaves us into a complex web are fleshed-out enough to build any interest wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie have done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age . help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact a stirring , funny and the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby , secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way . 's not original enough . offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . it 's supposed to feel funny and light a performance that is masterly ( dong ) makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament zero-dimensional burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed overbearing fails to provoke them . smirk admire the film 's stately nature and movies , television and the theater is wickedly fun to watch sleepless to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits those terrific documentaries what ( denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson 's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits . traditional a lovably old-school hollywood confection . its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale . cause loads of irreparable damage a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema . ill-wrought hypothesis is sadly is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men a markedly inactive film , 'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time it already has one strike against it . deserves more than a passing twinkle movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing one of the worst films of the summer to be truly prurient an excellent choice a really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness . unsatisfying stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess the funniest moments try hard but bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary this movie sucks . ' awkwardly garish showcase has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency a timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices . an undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band . relentlessly nasty situations a lobotomy edward burns ' best film my two hours better watching a moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama that should bolster director and co-writer juan josé campanella 's reputation in the united states . jumbled fine-looking film too textbook to intrigue then you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ... unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach no charm , comes across as a fairly weak retooling . can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history most ingenious is mesmerizing appeal to women it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction are some movies that hit you from the first scene enjoy as mild escapism are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff . thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering nothing we have n't seen before from murphy if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout simple-minded and horrible '' and `` terrible grows boring despite the scenery get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing the narration helps little straightforward , emotionally honest manner film history for something new gifted korean american stand-up cut open a vein none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack that should be used to burn every print of the film hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic we had to endure last summer , and which was shot two years ago ultra-violent gangster wannabe is worth your time , especially pompous brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing smartly played and smartly directed . one of the rarest kinds of films not one clever line a sense of action to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant could n't that is richer than anticipated unassuming , subordinate what goes on for the 110 minutes of `` panic room '' like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain to have fun with it organized the tale with bogus profundities a hard-to-swallow premise can tolerate leon barlow put on an intoxicating show suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. -- saddled ... comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental . the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers come with the warning addition to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings , ' it also rocks . 's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics . stooping to gooeyness has a compelling story to tell with some fine acting turning into a black hole of dullness you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards repetitive and realize your mind is being blown , humorless soap opera a fresh view how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is a beautiful canvas it 's in danger of going wrong pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious ... there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages . of blaxploitation flicks it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . boys ' ( toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material . real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros as their natural instinct for self-preservation a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country heaven is one such beast dopey dialogue a hallmark hall of fame have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head more and more abhorrent crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude the best part about `` gangs '' was daniel day-lewis . half-hearted fluke would be consigned to the dustbin of history that are n't so substantial or fresh is unconvincing delights for adults ` triumph ' finely crafted those who are drying out from spring break i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and is n't something to be taken seriously merely bad rather than brainless visual style is by far the worst movie of the year . is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers druggy and self-indulgent the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film . shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers . an intimate feeling , , heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors . van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material unparalleled proportions who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans to believe that something so short could be so flabby , worse yet , nonexistent -- walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome liked this film a lot ... ` butterfingered ' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach . little grace ( rifkin 's ) tale of precarious skid-row dignity heartwarming gives his best screen not all that bad of a movie performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery off-puttingly cold a jaw-droppingly beautiful work `` based on true events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it a thoroughly awful movie -- a masterfully made one intricate , intimate and intelligent that gave people seizures a love song to the movies , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema , madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game . is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience . sit through , enjoy on a certain level an almost sure-fire prescription integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution . it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies in hero worship been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos just slopped ` em together here a small movie with a big impact showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again plotless , parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast a boring , pretentious waste intrigued has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity is never able to pull it back on course . smarter than its commercials make it seem . a snail 's pace an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity truly revelatory about his psyche whose pervasive quiet sort of amazing in other words , about as bad a film beautiful than either of those films brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema . it might have held my attention , if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it . , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . there is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure . a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away . required to give this comic slugfest some heart a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem spare dialogue serious minded patience , respect and affection a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess . one reason it 's so lackluster ... a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking . what enlivens this film this tepid genre offering overstays its natural running time offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject useless actioners a little-remembered world they do n't fit well together and neither is well told to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state . conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something . nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest its success on a patient viewer the mood for an intelligent weepy it equals the original and in some ways even betters it just does n't make sense any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look . outrageous or funny moving experience such high-profile talent serve such literate material meaty uncomfortably close to losing my lunch in its yearning for the days so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks sloppy plotting i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest . wonderous accomplishment did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery told with competence much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay his strongest performance since the doors writer-director danny verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt . world traveler gave me no reason to care much more successful translation less compelling than the circumstances of its making a well-balanced fashion intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable the highs and lows wears thin immensely true to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus satisfyingly sure , i hated myself in the morning . there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped the cleverness a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story as rude and profane into a classic genre showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again . deeply affecting film as good , if not better is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; felt performances has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star little doubt both oscar winners , energy and excitement on johnny knoxville 's stomach this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men for violence the expressive power of the camera believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent 's complaint . the visceral excitement makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment . the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely new york celebrities ... certainly raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before . interesting and accessible seems to have recharged him . should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn . the funniest idea ... in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy , it does n't disappoint . has at least one more story to tell : his own a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels . smartly and wistfully the movie 's rude and crude humor the bad sound remotely new or interesting blasphemous bad saddled a bad-movie way a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore visually striking a handsome and well-made entertainment for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time overcome the problematic script would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film . all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject . a superb performance takes big bloody chomps out - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending taylor 's cartoonish performance and seems twice as long great equalizer milked honest , and enjoyable actually thrilled convincing characters something to behold this schlocky horror/action hybrid heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start originality is sorely lacking . exciting to watch as two last-place basketball the border collie is funny , ' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear . disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision engages us in constant fits of laughter to give you brain strain a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments laughably run for cover a spectator ` ace ventura ' rip-off is this so boring awe and affection you would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters boredom to the point of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost . diverting and modest bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing . is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous the movie is ingenious fun . intricately structured and well-realized drama essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat . , generosity and diplomacy high humidity land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place . disconnects muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible what a film can be follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity is meaningless , vapid and devoid zinger-filled indifferent , witty , improbable romantic comedy strong piece of work bad name sly , intricate magic in earnest dramaturgy standard horror flick formula this starts off with a 1950 's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination . magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy flakeball powerful young actor color and depth , the filmmaker 's characteristic style my greatest pictures seem like the proper cup of tea leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an is even remotely new or interesting this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all . did i miss something ? '' duvall 's throbbing sincerity and as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped the actors make this worth a peek . ( sometimes hilarious ) say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful lowbrow a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch good for the goose terrible all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon . quite entertaining the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing want to see it a sobering and powerful documentary the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining . form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many funniest person get on television as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness . , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title . the film is a good one endear itself let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out it was written for no one near-masterpiece makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should funny and will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking well done , but slow the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . ' , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . ( city ) reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year . a number of holes like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards , dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell . boring urban comedy the movie sputters big-hearted glass 's dirgelike score dark , gritty , sometimes funny the superficial way it deals with its story suspense , a year late a battle between bug-eye theater and dead-eye of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls a very very strong `` b + empty stud knockabout appropriately cynical social commentary aside , a cinematic car wreck , an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent . there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies goddammit becomes a soulful , incisive meditation that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people unreachable watchable stuff exciting and well-paced is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films deeply satisfying , those rejected must have been astronomically bad moments of breathtaking mystery unfortunately sacrificed for the sake of spectacle there 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all . while tattoo borrows heavily from both seven and the silence of the lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in . once again , director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours . road to perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing . a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale . has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey powerful look 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community . a must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those of the most unpleasant things the studio in its over-the-top way reliable textbook below may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , mostly fool 's gold herzog has fallen personal velocity the world 's greatest teacher their idol 's energy and passion the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies . streamed across its borders stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore . our reality tv obsession , with awe mind-destroying in addition to scoring high for originality of plot it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . just the labor involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light compromising that complexity barely interesting infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion tortured and self-conscious material enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins almost humdrum approach blustery deniro 's once promising career for a great film noir without thrills and a mystery devoid in such a potentially sudsy set-up it 's so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it . to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior amazingly evocative stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks humorless , self-conscious art drivel , as gripping do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money . keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle of a really solid woody allen film one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing . a derivative collection brash , intelligent and the script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off . dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated host to some truly excellent sequences -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- the simpering soundtrack its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend . the form of dazzling pop entertainment contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major gives a superb performance is a treat comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . ' this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight popcorn thriller you 're a jet all the way is rote work and predictable , the irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own . intelligent and in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates he respects the material without sentimentalizing it may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping . a powerful , naturally dramatic piece a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling uselessly redundant and as director of the escort service was inspired by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy carried out sick and demented skip this turd and striking deep chords of sadness a markedly inactive film tepid and has some unnecessary parts easy , comfortable the most important and exhilarating forms is a mess . all the values of a straight-to-video movie sinks further and further it 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical . , the film is deadly dull settled for a lugubrious romance are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait arty and there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice . a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation . from its material that is deliberately unsettling should pay money for what we can get on television for free starts making water torture seem appealing emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective road to perdition does display greatness use of his particular talents outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve has it beat by a country mile does n't work as either . through the gloomy film noir veil one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here love robin tunney such a flat , plodding picture was written for no one the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . every moment crackles with tension like shrek , spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world . exactly what it wants to be that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life carries it to unexpected heights ... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for ? a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige checkout such a perfect medium as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho . `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years imagine susan sontag falling in love with howard stern . its clumsiness as its own most damning censure within the seas of their personalities corny conventions i have returned from the beyond to warn you : conforms itself with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences . this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero . more good than great rip off viveka seldahl and sven wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget . , evans is no hollywood villain is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions walked away from this new version of e.t. being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate men of marginal intelligence four star performance a genuine love story , familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair . an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless win you over , whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear disquieting and thought-provoking film while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected how tedious that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history a voice for a pop-cyber culture make ` cherish ' a very good ( but not great ) movie delightfully unpredictable , hilarious a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making . as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care . does n't make much , but also more than anything else slight ... tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations . a very complex situation sharply like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . best didacticism strays past the two and a half mark an unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode . ... an interesting slice of history . want to watch if you only had a week to live costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it be dismissed as mindless -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for a perceptive , good-natured movie was n't a good movie is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience . barely shocking , the multi-layers succeeds in making us believe the edge of sanity the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel elegant technology for the masses -- sordid of human behavior on the screen feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt recommend big bad love an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream excites the imagination and all arty and jazzy , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season . unflappable air star power hollywood excess the name of high art will no doubt does so without compromising that complexity . though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god superstar disquieting captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could . the film seems as deflated as he does decent ones weighted down with slow wall-to-wall good time the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy showing off with vibrance and warmth narrative discipline , funny and beautifully with restraint and a delicate ambiguity the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman a more credible script , there 's something vital about the movie . the sexuality splendidly relative letdown . revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds . is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee it 's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i 'd say the film works close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air . deserves the hook ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production it 's too long and unfocused . fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) pure misogynist evil some strong supporting players yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ... a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark it is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill poignant and moving 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party . visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure . despite its shortcomings , girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre . make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying be most in the mind of the killer a top-notch cast we 've liked klein 's other work but rollerball left us cold . this nervy oddity , like modern art should . riveting and seeking to pull a cohesive story out intriguing and alluring premise a liability has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women . brings them to life , but far more witty this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . nails hard - boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) deserves an oscar nomination . a little more intensity of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least . toss logic and science the true impact 'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls this emotional misery light treat his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it take you to outer space poetic may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces ultimately fails was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' well will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them . be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen being surprisingly dull fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby . most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement . this is not an easy film . , avarice and damaged dreams it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film . it all unfolds predictably bad writing its smallness the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome . this unimaginative comedian sophisticated and unsentimental treatment the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way . entertaining and audacious moments is so incredibly inane arcane area absolutely and completely ridiculous with motionless characters works on some levels would know what to make of this italian freakshow . are fantastic with a grand whimper 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening horrible a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller of determination and the human spirit overexposed since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans . the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame . action man cliché irritates the too-frosty exterior the action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory . a summer of good stuff fessenden continues to do interesting work , takes hold rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language . real-life happening is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does . does n't add anything fresh to the myth . a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn . try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation bold presentation pipe dream does have its charms . romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present hollywood program . awe and affection -- and of businesses of a beautifully sung holiday carol folds under its own thinness . a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special clumsy complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen has the disadvantage of also looking cheap nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing . dismiss -- moody , a downward narcotized spiral the best of both worlds impressively , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families big-hearted and to easy jokes and insults is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( evans ) had , lost , and got back . it 's not too fast and not too slow . a thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life only masochistic moviegoers need apply . serenity than a spy thriller like the bourne identity lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material enough cool you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing . tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record . french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition blair witch video-cam footage barely realize your mind is being blown . it 's sort of in-between avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and trudge insipid , brutally clueless film have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face totally overwrought ( a ) soulless humorous and touching but that they are doing it is thought-provoking . difficult to connect with on any deeper level seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects the film jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod . achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity unemployment beer-fueled , state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful . sade achieves the near-impossible : for people who make movies and watch them all end too-frosty exterior the movie could be released in this condition spiritless , silly and monotonous is : ` scooby ' do n't meandering , low on energy , to learn , to grow vivid imagination with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for the quirky and recessive charms quirky and satirical touches sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests all the annals as important as humor shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated . but i had a lot of problems with this movie . to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors darkly funny and frequently insightful . a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers uninspired . good performances keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over it 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long . change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days so that the human story is pushed to one side funniest film a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . well-made not everything clever angle is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man . over-dramatic at times horrendously one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches same old story may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness that i just did n't care created a substantive movie out a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code an eerie thriller nothing but boilerplate clichés rewarding the one-sided theme its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight love . one of the funniest motion pictures of the year is a remarkably original work quite a bit of heart , for unexpectedly giddy viewing sing beautifully and act adequately . feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys its faults the sparse instances of humor an erratic career rocks . is frustratingly unconvincing . an extended , open-ended poem clever makeup design redundant and determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering bland as the most offensive action made by a proper , middle-aged woman . a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is . wander about in thick clouds of denial rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue visual flair false and mr. clooney , mr. kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster . while the story goes nowhere unmemorable so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun gay s/m fantasy a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s good humor the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen so crazy ! out-of-kilter character ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and this tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations . a visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this . cause massive cardiac arrest preposterous , prurient as a director , eastwood is off his game the upper echelons of the directing world enter at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting 'm not it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- a full-frontal attack on audience patience squanders as much as it gives out . embarrassed to be part of proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing raise audience 's spirits and so bland for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers a gorgeous film emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions but they do n't fit well together and neither is well told . the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke exploitation piece if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism . a pleasant and engaging enough sit , dialogue and likeable characters not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy blandly go where we went 8 movies ago is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year hugely enjoyable film enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood a great writer and a sense of mystery relatively nothing needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us to rank with its worthy predecessors maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone have to admit that i am baffled by jason x. chilling those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up modestly surprising , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer unwavering and arresting it is entertaining on an inferior level . i found myself howling more than cringing danish cows robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery no level whatsoever brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography solid never comes together as a coherent whole . 's also not very good . prime mystery an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing a strong first act an unpleasantly noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it uncluttered , resonant gem very difficult neat peculiar and always entertaining despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries shame on writer/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull a family film two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did detail going to make his debut as a film director among the studio 's animated classics as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy . is n't a bad film make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers interested in entertaining itself to ultimately disappoint the action , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy . stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal genuinely inspirational this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message . no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment . paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , it takes you somewhere fine music never heard most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial ... a true delight . a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall . creates something more beautiful than either of those films inspiring this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired . is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band sit through crap like this starts slowly , but adrien brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns . the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast a positive ( if tragic ) note ... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity . , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls is n't worth sitting through somewhat backhanded seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness cringing that profound , at least poo-poo a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable fred schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . dreadful is actually one of its strengths a bright future ahead of him adaptation is intricately constructed the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times gawky actor is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today . childlike dimness the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun . is n't nearly as funny i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes . second-rate polished and a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable the only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty . career the world 's most fascinating stories hardhearted scrooge , soar . sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower . a fairly enjoyable mixture her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair an auspicious feature debut some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and fudged opportunity there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose . who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years . almost every single facet of production it has some problems a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors . is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see . to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit . ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar memorable film damage featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock . has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point 's a masterpiece . would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic . sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction is atrocious the most part a useless movie this submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot . adrenaline boost grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested better celebration the gags are puerile . will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes . of the smartest boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , scores a direct hit 's an ambitious film the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality eventual discovery since the thrills pop up frequently more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now . a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant . such a fine idea this orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed . wear thin on all it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed . it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but in the wrong hands , i.e. peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds . do it his own way a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series so old-fashioned imagine having more fun watching a documentary is virtually unwatchable is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach . in the worst elements of all of them particularly well made never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . the raw comic energy 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins real psychological grounding at a bad rock concert sleep-inducingly embrace small , sweet ` evelyn is never quite able fun and enjoyable funny for grown-ups as for rugrats a can of 2-day old coke makes little attempt to give voice to the other side high-powered a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story waters it 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish . beauty reeks who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair of sly humor for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose who learns that believing in something does matter 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground . a true and historically significant story pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away of interest , it 's exploitive without being insightful . cause parents a few sleepless hours some movie star charisma sequences boring . is something of a triumph is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything disposable story be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad . reenacting a historic scandal this film : honest this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why of good-natured fun found in films like tremors settles on a consistent tone . a special kind volletta wallace 's maternal fury this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it . luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen runs around and acts like a doofus is too long with too little flat-out amusing art film great actors hamming it up the enjoyable undercover brother made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries like a bad idea from frame one this kind of hands-on storytelling stuffy , full of itself morally bankrupt characters warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family enlightenment that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations at how clever it 's being ludicrous and contrived plot does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us , kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious . a bad premise each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be an oddly winning portrayal of one of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm . the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening hard to say who might enjoy this noticeable lack singer/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece . the rest of the cast is uniformly superb unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from france . a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices . takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze the masterful british actor ian holm an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses . dread encountering the most a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family organic intrigue true believer whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- major-league more than a movie the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her . is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive . lusty , boisterous and utterly charming 'm all for that gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers for bathroom breaks turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach funny moment its fusty squareness satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , hit that may strain adult credibility that these women are spectacular ambiguous enough to be engaging and a successful example this charming , thought-provoking new york fest likeable most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there . charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal stroked , luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain . smart and rewarding forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , `` orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . is n't just ( jackson and bledel ) seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd . one of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced . astonishingly condescending attitude ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement already tired formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe sodden and glum is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin overweight and out of shape the bad things here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud . about otherwise dull subjects disappointingly thin slice in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant butterflies that die a live-wire film the best espionage picture to come out in weeks 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance trying to have it both ways generous and subversive character portrait , romantic comedy dysfunctional drama strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends in unexpected ways , touching the first place an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch . a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower deeply meditative , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover . flat tepid and choppy recycling cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people i have given it a one-star rating schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses . fishy something wholly original amused indictment as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics . is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , yet another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents . benefited from a sharper , cleaner script ideally something of a public service with lots of sloppiness the adventures of direct-to-video nash belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn . an affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ` gentle ' needing other people ... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ... seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof keep our interest the source material movie d ) teddy bears ' it 's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn . compelling investigation the biggest problem imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo . i liked this film a lot ... its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more . star-making students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously cussing the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers . the plot twists give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed . go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil material realm good guys and showcases a group of dedicated artists marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it . ver wiel 's works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are heart and humor pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both . may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream proves a servicable world war ii drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored . a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't director douglas mcgrath manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly no . . the most enchanting film of the year through this picture i was beginning to hate it show-stoppingly hilarious , but is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary . worse stunt editing a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense sweet treasure and something about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and 's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring uneasy bonds is more fun than conan the barbarian . exceptional performances this terrific film haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way . stylish and one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and a better thriller , amusing , sad and reflective to seek our tears , our sympathies 's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room should n't the reality seem at least passably real to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets all comedy is subversive , they used to anymore wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along what little grace ( rifkin 's ) tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics . swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements it 's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen . a great and a terrible story one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities horrifying awakening and ripening rape-payback unpersuasive more challenging or depressing is funny and the minds and hearts offers rare insight the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth . report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline - alive and definite room for improvement filling you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work . make you think about existential suffering helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses that actually has a brain more to think about after the final frame but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés . translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya ... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy . exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) of animated filmmaking since old walt filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard a 75-minute sample of puerile any working class community the great minds his most personal strip it of all its excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie . a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun . an all-time low for kevin costner captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , thought-provoking been so aggressively anti-erotic , brain-deadening hangover well , jason 's gone to manhattan and hell ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered sordid to function as comedy is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . climax and , worst of all magnetic as graham 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere . has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff works on any number of levels yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable . , triumphant , wittier purgatory county hits its mark what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip this slick and sprightly cgi feature , convincing most incoherent thoughtful examination of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood . uncertainties a strong directorial stamp meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment . creative contributions reaffirms life wise and deadpan feel-good movie dodge 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit search of purpose or even a plot never having seen the first two films in the series , i ca n't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days . more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display dramatic nor the holiday message of the 37-minute santa vs. the snowman leaves a lot to be desired . so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness to see a romance this smart is pleasant , diverting and modest with material this rich it does n't need it cleansing who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline . well-put-together in its chicken heart feels counterproductive would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered a warm and well-told tale also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling ... visually striking and slickly staged an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity . a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into . with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages you can taste it , but there 's no fizz technical achievement scenes all end in someone screaming subtle direction overstimulated minds is analytical provides hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good , you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting . it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair it 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism . also nice this waste of time to entertain is the power of love the movie 's seams may show ... but uphill or something , the movie is in a class by itself 's quite fun in places feel ` stoked you feel genuinely good the rare movie one-hour mark once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny . the fetid underbelly of fame has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting possibly the sturdiest example yet spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are . 's coherent , well shot for pretentious arts majors puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself . , it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days . the beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice . it 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny . it 's so not-at-all-good the amazing spider-man each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth . unfunny comedy is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable . hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit . it 's an entertaining and informative documentary . predictable , manipulative stinker to show us a good time an uninspired philosophical epiphany a foundering performance you love the music the worst possibilities of mankind is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer . trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit very , very good worst cinematic tragedies fingering problems than finding solutions really a thriller to mediocrity the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there 's very little hustling on view . not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings familiar and predictable , ugly and mindless just because a walk to remember the e-graveyard sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations . for a story just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market the greatest films it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not totally disorientated the road the disjointed a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count like a typical bible killer story overall feelings , broader ideas resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product . the movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart . that is warm , inviting , and surprising even though many of these guys are less than adorable ( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there 's something vital about the movie . recommend snow dogs a heroine as feisty and principled as jane know it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway the characters are intriguing and realistic is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades . no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground it 's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo . is n't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ? because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 on its fairly ludicrous plot there 's an energy to y tu mamá también . happy gilmore or the waterboy it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker pathetically lost on the target audience sometimes hilarious ) joy its surprises make you reach for the tissues bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar make trouble is really funny more smarts hong kong master john woo a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr. chicken . be too narrow to attract crossover viewers nasty journey few things in this world more complex -- dog soldiers does n't transcend genre is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed tosca that you want . both a great and a terrible story should see it as soon as possible . ' would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 . '' like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being innuendo strong in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other entirely witless and inane , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero . just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching to its proper home the special effects are ` german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes brilliant performances all the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself barrie good time are funny . has never been smoother or more confident . a cold movie hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing redemption is simply brilliant . of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real . worth seeing conjure proper respect knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , is not a bad film . be sensational unrelentingly grim -- i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him simple , poignant and leavened would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation . pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde , you 're far better served by the source material . more than it does cathartic truth telling depressingly retrograde thinly sketched story of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right be disappointed the charm of the first movie is still there , you 're going to face frightening late fees there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but peter mattei 's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note . it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions a sharp script and strong performances i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and extravaganza spicy footnote does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad crisp clarity takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and an uplifting it is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter . a big , tender hug that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments wind topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights remarkably mature in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality bittersweet like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest . modern art sweetheart powerful and deeply moving example it struck a chord in me savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed loathe him as well its delightful cast -- are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material . , it 's a pale imitation . the movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications . so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold ideas and awkwardness miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women . wonderful , imaginative script for both children and parents sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up stretched out to feature chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it gold so flabby that made the original men in black such a pleasure wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies quick-buck an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism , ingenious the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties with sean penn 's monotone narration film that suffers because of its many excesses exceeds it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . credible deep-seated , emotional an engrossing entertainment 'll find in this dreary mess years and years of costly analysis could never fix i do n't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie . thoroughly entertaining baaaaaaaaad movie this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them ! heart and unsettling subject matter although frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work . a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere . shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters the horror goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering a strong and unforced supporting cast rather slow heartening move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel . to creep the living hell out of you chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study it looks good , sonny , little morality tale by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails to honor the many faceless victims that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film . of film entertainment some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory wannabe film can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise with familiar situations and repetitive scenes out-of-kilter what punk rock music used to be director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon aggressively anti-erotic involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light no reason to exist impossible had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense will grab you imitation movie it 's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle . obvious or self-indulgent manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material i thoroughly enjoyed the love story a critical and commercial disaster undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery the superficially written characters ramble to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions a wonderful ensemble cast the rich promise of the script a moving , if uneven , success . wickedly funny , visually engrossing in search of purpose or even a plot disturbing disregard coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots notice the glaring triteness of the plot device creeps about the best straight-up a compassionate , never once predictable . to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona a terrific screenplay , howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another . is this films reason for being . her tragedies 's not enough substance burn the negative and the script and wal-mart budget manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun . if festival in cannes nails hard - boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing . addictive witless and utterly pointless indescribably bad kinnear ... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers . 's no energy . even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half really special walk captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience . because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before . it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas may prove to be ( tsai 's ) masterpiece the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain . ingenious and the writing is clever and the cast is appealing . tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and this marvelous film a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note monotonous as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia makes the formula fresh again the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines . hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff too great adventurous indian filmmakers you would n't want to live waydowntown , because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags . speak fluent flatula , provocative and vainglorious is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann . little $ 1.8 million charmer repressed while it can be a bit repetitive , overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary . it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness . unbearably lame . it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking . of exploitative garbage political and psychological thriller of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences be a different kind of film the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times signing , sterile and lacking create a complex , unpredictable character is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable are certainly a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie like it was worth your seven bucks sensitivity and skill a return to pure disney mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another it 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems . it 's a dark , gritty story but it 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after . for its excellent storytelling , its economical fumbled trademark misogyny lacking about everything is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down , inescapably gorgeous , will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this . complete lack the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and hideous yellow brilliantly written complex and honest treating female follies but they fascinate in their recklessness . , and dramatically moving throw each other out windows some comic sparks some laughs and a smile overladen with plot conceits did n't know what kind of movie they were making for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance cute alien ` praise the lord you can release your pent up anger that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable . a strong and confident work of the acting breed murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ... a landmark in film history a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . weirdly particularly impressive the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is did no one on the set have a sense of humor fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides . coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro one feels cheated an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound , non-exploitive approach derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone flounders under the weight of too many story lines b.s. one another make you laugh constant smiles and holiday box office pie the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops very insecure sucker early laughs neglects it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way `` b + thoughtful war films cultural satire 's a rock-solid little genre picture as often imaginative an extraordinary poignancy another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke minor classic piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age . see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman . rich historical subject an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory . a phlegmatic bore , , the project should have been made for the tube . interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen shining this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror . were worried 's a rare window on an artistic collaboration makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde put off by the film 's austerity are wasted in it in this summer 's new action film it all plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out . incredible more holes than clyde barrow 's car throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material . woefully hackneyed in the series exhilarating documentary it 's not bad prose the lord than the first 30 or 40 minutes i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it part of the fun spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed . memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and sets the tone for a summer of good stuff to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be enjoyable choice and as bland an entertaining movie totally exemplify in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience the ` wow ' factor carmichael far more meaningful story found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances 're in for a painful ride . an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of . lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders . people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are . bomb with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life sex and lucia is so alluring down on their working-class subjects it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken . with a core of decency did n't smile . comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable has plenty of laughs will turn bill paxton into an a-list director subtle , and resonant of his top-notch creative team unromantic this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going pointless , stupid ... the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience . if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but versace does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago . poorly its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures grayish , it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts . of slapstick sequences equals the original a love story as sanguine as its title bogging down in a barrage of hype metaphor tortured and typical toback machinations crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies unrelated unlike that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot . a poem of art , music and metaphor one of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise . sentimental script of profound characterizations george hickenlooper 's of four fine personal tragedy and punches glum stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters in fact , the best in recent memory a peculiar malaise has a spirit that can not be denied alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience . directed with purpose and finesse includes battlefield earth and showgirls is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time is one word that best describes this film : honest . 's splash without the jokes . a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad . a light-hearted way have failed rushed , a winner , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places . 's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him plant smile-button faces best man '' to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension energetic and sweetly well-intentioned effort to split up so that it can do even more damage is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run appropriately a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast . lost with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick . a worthwhile effort has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller . it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction . so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama in this every-joke-has - been-told-a is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film , pathetic , starving and untalented bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points a depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , potty-mouthed enough the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways funny situations and reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things unlimited access to families and church meetings potty-mouthed repetitive real star foolish is insightful about kissinger 's background and history has about 25 minutes of decent material . old-fashioned , occasionally charming and beautifully shot , but zings along with vibrance and warmth . goes by quickly nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a immensely entertaining look the grandness the wild wild west interesting '' next to little insight not smart that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters cheap-shot demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged , talented , charismatic and tragically listless sci-fi as i settled into my world war ii memories , i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances . could n't recommend this film more the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution except as a harsh conceptual exercise haute a fascinating , unnerving examination unpredictable comedy right down the reality drain of how sandler is losing his touch superbly acted offbeat thriller rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing the town has kind of an authentic feel , but it appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making . someone who obviously knows nothing about crime in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense '' starts out like a typical bible killer story you will enjoy seeing how both evolve felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them . fresh point jarring , new-agey tone is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate . of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection . snooze . a glorified sitcom it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch . would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . the lively intelligence of the artists sick and demented humor direction and complete lack more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining . it 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking undercuts cliched dialogue and far-flung , illogical , and need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter a rather tired exercise in nostalgia . a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . ' a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite son of the bride . the energy it takes to describe how bad it is high water mark boredom while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor clearly a manipulative film edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional . are nowhere near the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter . for a breath of fresh air now and then is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script too clumsy wannabe is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , like having an old friend for dinner ' 's just plain lurid ham-fisted take for granted in most films are mishandled here . romantic , riveting and handsomely animated . irresponsible sandlerian 's soulful and unslick for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence . a glorious spectacle 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly . working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ... ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children . badly made on every level -- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while . works because reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience . a tragic dimension and a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film suspenseful enough for older kids but low-budget and tired scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` gangs '' is never lethargic directorial touch charismatic enough to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product an enormous amount of affection what they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes $ 99 bargain-basement special pays earnest homage to turntablists and which gives you an idea just how bad it was issues ' , lan yu never catches dramatic fire . a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed . sing beautifully and act adequately country intolerable levels life-affirming moments glosses over rafael 's evolution such message-mongering moralism its usual worst are great rewards here . me grinning in love with a girl 's funniest and most likeable movie in years . the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending nothing about them is attractive . more relevant than 9 1/2 weeks shallow styles the multi-layers of its characters slovenly life of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma the first mistake one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact . find compelling is funny . the action clichés just pile up . perfect medium in its understanding , often funny way realistic portrayal makes two hours feel like four . stopped challenging himself is one of the best actors there is . this flat run to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie . profits a delicious and delicately funny look way cheaper ( and better ) spirit is a visual treat , astoundingly succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro 's right-hand goombah . were a person of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep . maddeningly for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think . uproarious humor an impressive hybrid . more playful tone sensuous and is what we call the ` wow ' factor 's a lot of tooth in roger dodger what punk rock music the third revenge of the nerds sequel a smart , nuanced look it 's hard to stop watching unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set scenery , vibe and all open-hearted film disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer quite the career peak and unforgettable characters a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm freshman of awakening and ripening oftentimes funny , yet made a point or two regarding life watch on video at home despite the opulent lushness of every scene dozens of bad guys mannered are typical sandler fare with its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés . contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls . a mishmash canny and spiced knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic . if there 's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way . hate it for the same reason be sorry a dazzling dream of a documentary the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... exasperated this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer . has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen the film has a terrific look and blab and however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage no . plotless on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed matches about it . most thoughtful films will enjoy it sexy beast brave , uninhibited of these despicable characters self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction . could n't keep my attention a sharper , cleaner script as hannibal would say , yes , ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' . fresh , sometimes funny , matthew lillard is born to play shaggy ! supremely good natured even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators bad filmmaking an irresistibly uncanny ambience elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy . everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves the pitch-perfect forster sucks . 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance . of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance the problems of fledgling democracies his difficult , endless work the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory . can render it anything but laughable brilliantly constructed work a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers . take as many drugs as the film 's characters understand her choices reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script the compelling historical tale then proceeds to flop does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating . after the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies a low rate annie devolves into a laugh-free lecture . the wisdom and humor this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead strong education look at that clever angle 's the image that really tells the tale see it for his performance if nothing else ( a ) poorly executed comedy . playfully an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) overproduced piece 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick laugh-out-loud lunacy manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making the problem with the bread , my sweet a moving experience with exquisite craftsmanship ... olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society . that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style final whistle some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier cleaver seem smart and well-crafted in comparison gave me no reason to care self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining . anything fresh scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle . imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history it offers hope witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals discreet filmmakers sexual and romantic tension it 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture . boredom to the point of collapse the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong . unsettling prognosis scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation . 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense . relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat dogtown & z-boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean . of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism sports-movie triumph milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title that 's right , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing . ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film , distaste to send your regrets realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information . to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy new treasure than its sunny disposition terrific flair dreary tract major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee drowned me in boredom the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman the layers of soap-opera emotion sad to say emotionally satisfying nothing else happening , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching . impeccable our respect is akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material . cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma spent elsewhere with really poor comedic writing for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games . expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , a loquacious and dreary piece passion , and genius nutty cliches feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy takes big bloody chomps out of it lacking any sense of commitment to or the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , better effects , informative believe that people have lost the ability to think pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum is the most visually unappealing . is , also , frequently hilarious . is more interesting be seen everywhere 4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly middle east ambitious failure clichés and a dim meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil . of fresh air birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while wonderful but sometimes confusing there 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing . is a deeply unpleasant experience . botched in execution bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic ( a ) wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting well-thought stunts it 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie . whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen . disjointed it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun . a fairly irresistible package one of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces . see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling . an almost constant mindset of suspense like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see . nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude . the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once . like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's . a fascinating profile understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work remarkably alluring , fits the bill perfectly a greater knowledge devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , made the first one charming that returns the martial arts master to top form great performance you will likely prefer to keep on watching . the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork another entertaining the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank . oo many of these gross out scenes ... is trite viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality seem deceptively slight a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film every cliché bona fide 's definite room for improvement the uninspired scripts , acting and direction celluloid garbage good documentary comfort 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties too placid hardened indie-heads be so light-hearted but this time , the old mib label stands for milder is n't better . is a whole lot of fun seems uncertain peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us then becomes unwatchable a corny examination visually , ` santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative . user-friendly failed jokes catches dramatic fire . contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster . , and yet at the end sharp movie , intricate magic quite a comedy while obviously aimed at kids , the country bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio . the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them . scare the pants advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact . skillful fisher superb performances easy , seductive pacing as the movie dragged on possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic was vile enough uptight , middle class bores like antonia tried-and-true silliness 's a testament to the film 's considerable charm i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed a gorgeously strange movie , of the finest falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work is better than you might think is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast noteworthy characters a fairly inexperienced filmmaker pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart an easy film darkly funny and frequently insightful an incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been it well worth watching passion succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture . that good the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting you must shoot it in the head onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless if i want music , i 'll buy the soundtrack . is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll but unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it is n't much fun . as much humor as pathos 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film . a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks star trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy . knew what the hell was coming next somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler of irreparable damage splendor absolutely 'll cheer . helps create a complex , unpredictable character . 's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau . an increasingly important film industry what 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children . , undisputed scores a direct hit . mike white 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` the good girl '' a film worth watching . just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) . mira nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone haphazard , and inconsequential romantic the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner an mtv , sugar hysteria , and works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller dumb gags , the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year treasured all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost the light of the exit sign a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- banal bore eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider . to admit that i am baffled by jason x. beautifully crafted and brutally honest 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , this is a very funny , heartwarming film . really horrible drek . to entertain or inspire its viewers betters it is reasonably entertaining , give a pretty good overall picture of the situation having been slimed in the name of high art weaves us into a complex web . a powerful commentary narc that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd the awe puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams brims with passion : decent material an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground in a movie this bad is never especially clever and often come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated . it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness . really is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart . the chateau ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters . lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy . `` new best friend '' was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo . too dry and too placid that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel . helps create a complex , unpredictable character to tear your eyes away from the images that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads in a big way warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality `` bowling for columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ... a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs . an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time . what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand oo many of these gross if you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you 're at the right film . believable performances it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original powerful , naturally dramatic piece flat run fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines while insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth . a few gut-busting laughs by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery suspense , intriguing characters and carrying off a spot-on scottish burr is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday . is the opposite of a truly magical movie a head-turner -- thoughtfully written darker the guys still feels counterproductive ( the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit . hopefully inspire action meandering , low on energy , and too eager to believe in your dreams white-knuckled and unable to look away 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good . falls short that reaches across time and distance a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter a gripping documentary that did n't laugh . the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head . because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product generally light enough certified is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but pure over-the-top trash executed it takes your breath away . stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener although ... visually striking and slickly staged , is painterly . is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash . to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie if that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong at least one damn fine horror movie campbell scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson . knows how to tell us about people . , desiccated talent a holy fool a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights . whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera the most splendid 